Subject: road - show . com q 4 i . com choose enron to deliver financial web content
houston  ) enron broadband services ( ebs ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of enron
corp . and a leader in the delivery of high - bandwidth application services ,
announced today content delivery contracts with road - show . com , an online
resource for individual investors , and q 4 i . com , a financial services provider
offering an online broker resource called brokeriq . the two financial
services companies will use enron  , s epowered  v market cast and the enron
intelligent network  v ( ein ) to enhance the quality and speed of content
delivery to their investors . enron  , s solution provides tv - quality streaming
video with delivery speeds up to 50 times faster than the public internet .
 & these agreements reflect the financial services industry  , s need for better
and faster delivery of online content ,  8 said joe hirko , co - ceo of enron
broadband services .  & the enron intelligent network allows visionary
companies like road - show . com and q 4 i . com to serve their customers with video
to the desktop that has unparalleled speed , clarity and quality .  8
road - show . com is a fully integrated producer of online streaming media . the
company  , s xvenue  v platform offers clients a turn - key solution for
personalized live or on - demand webcast communications . road - show . com broadly
streams the presentations that companies typically give on road shows prior
to an initial public offering to audiences that include individual and
professional investors .
 & the enron intelligent network and market cast technology will allow
road - show . com to offer our customers something they have never had access to
before  ) real - time company presentations and one of the fastest , richest
viewing experiences possible . this will enhance their ability to make fully
educated investment decisions ,  8 said trey fecteau , president of
road - show . com .
q 4 i . com provides  & one - stop  8 advanced technology solutions for financial
services companies and their clients . with its flagship product , brokeriq  v ,
professional brokers and their firms have a complete broker management system
at their fingertips . q 4 i . com will utilize ebs to distribute financial video
clips to clients via its brokercity  v product . in addition , enron will
deliver q 4 i . com  , s live and on - demand streaming video clips of golf resorts ,
golf courses , golf real estate , equipment and golf travel for internet users
around the world through golftv  v , q 4 i . com  , s online video network .
 & our clients now have streaming video features available on their desktops
via enron  , s network ,  8 said j . frederic storaska , chairman and co - ceo of
q 4 i . com .  & they not only will enjoy on - demand streaming video of financial
and golf information , but they  , ll have the opportunity to take advantage of
special vacation and equipment offers reserved exclusively for our
broker - dealers .  8
enron  , s epowered market cast solution
epowered market cast , an application of the enron intelligent network , is an
end - to - end streaming media solution for banks , brokerages and other financial
services firms . using epowered market cast , companies can enhance investor
relations , conduct virtual road shows and stream analyst presentations from
their websites . in addition , epowered market cast is a powerful intranet
solution for providing real - time financial news , data feeds , training and
presentations to an internal audience . the application streams video at an
average bit - rate speed of 200 kilobits per second ( kbps ) .
the enron intelligent network is based on distributed server architecture , a
pure internet protocol ( ip ) platform and embedded software intelligence that
sets it apart from other networks . the ein  , s enhanced performance is due to
its ability to deliver streaming media content  & one hop  8 away from the user
at the closest ein edge server . the result is a tv - quality viewing
experience for the user . in contrast , the public internet  , s ability to
deliver the broadband content businesses need is often hampered by packet
loss , interference and other disruptions that slow down transmission speed
and compromise the end user  , s experience .
about enron broadband services
enron broadband services , formerly enron communications , inc . , is a leading
provider of high quality , broadband internet content and applications . the
company  , s business model combines the power of the enron intelligent network ,
enron  , s broadband operating system , bandwidth trading and intermediation
services , and high - bandwidth applications , to fundamentally improve the
experience and functionality of the internet . enron introduces its broadband
operating system to allow application developers to dynamically provision
bandwidth on demand for the end - to - end quality of service necessary to
deliver broadband content . enron is also creating a market for bandwidth
that will allow network providers to scale to meet the demands that
increasingly complex applications require . a wholly owned subsidiary of
enron corp . ( nyse : ene ) , enron broadband services can be found on the web at
www . enron . net .
about enron
enron is one of the world  , s leading electricity , natural gas and
communications companies . the company , which owns approximately $ 34 billion
in energy and communications assets , produces electricity and natural gas ,
develops , constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide , delivers
physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers
around the world , and is developing an intelligent network platform to
facilitate online business . enron  , s internet address is www . enron . com . the
stock is traded under the ticker symbol ,  & ene .  8