Subject: energy operations promotions
i am pleased to announce the following promotions effective february 1 within
ena energy operations . these individuals have been promoted in recognition
of their outstanding performance and their contributions to the continuing
success of enron north america . please join me in congratulating these
employees on their promotions .
promotions to senior director
kristin albrecht serves as business controller for ena  , s power business .
along with leslie reeves , kristin ensures that power transactions are handled
accurately and smoothly from beginning to end . kristin  , s primary focus is on
risk controls and daily reporting of positions and p & l for east power
trading , west power trading and genco operations .
brenda herod serves as business controller for ena  , s assets business , working
with the gas assets group and the texas trading desk . her responsibilities
include global contracts and facilities , risk management , confirmations , gas
scheduling , volume management , settlements and regulatory compliance for
houston pipeline , lrc and enron midstream services .
leslie reeves is a business controller for ena  , s power business , working
closely with kristin albrecht in managing mid and back office support for the
east , west and genco power trading groups . her primary responsibilities are
documentation and settlements , with a focus on contract administration , cash
forecasting and cash management .
mary solmonson leads ena  , s global database management group , collecting and
validating information on our customers , contracts , pipelines and facilities ,
as well as published prices . these activities support overall energy
operations responsibilities from risk to logistics to settlement . in
addition , mary has been instrumental in the promotion and implementation of
the global systems across enron to provide control , consistency , and common
data throughout the organization .
promotions to director
scott pleus serves as business controller for enron  , s emerging products .
these businesses include bandwidth , pulp and paper , and weather . his primary
responsibilities include day - to - day functions of risk management ,
confirmations , pulp and paper scheduling , and settlements as well as long
term system development .
sheri thomas led ena  , s natural gas off - system settlements function throughout
1999 . her responsibilities included cash forecasting , collections , and
accountability for receivables and payables for ena  , s gas business in the
east , west and central regions of the us . sheri accepted a new assignment in
january 2000 and is now managing the enron online operations .
promotions to manager
bennett kaufman manages the risk management administration function for the
equity trading and debt trading groups . he has also had experience in
supporting the options book for natural gas derivatives trading . prior to
joining enron in early 1998 , bennett worked in trading operations for
investment banking firms in new york .
richard mckeel is the systems integration analyst within global database
management , overseeing the change management process and new software
development needed to interface the global applications with strategic
systems  ) sitara , unify , enpower , solarc , sap , and enrononline .
other promotions
specialist to senior specialist : analyst to specialist :
sylvia campos  ) deal compliance contract records tara eslick  ) financial
trading risk management
kam keiser  ) gas risk management - central desk victoria versen  ) gas
logistics - east desk
phillip love  ) risk controls operational analysis
jeff coats  ) gas risk management - central desk
monica lande  ) west power risk management ( portland ) senior clerk to staff :
trang le  ) strategic operations  ) project unify
john postlewaite  ) east power risk management anthony campos  ) deal
compliance contract records
diane seib  ) documentation ( calgary ) kori loibl  ) gas risk management -
financial books
donnie vinson  ) west power risk management ( portland )
imelda frayre  ) strategic operations - project sitara
clerk to senior clerk :
staff to specialist :
leslie smith  ) information & records management
amy degeyter  ) power documentation melinda whalen  ) documentation ( calgary )
michael nguyen  ) emerging products risk management
sherlyn schumack  ) logistics volume management
karie hastings  ) strategic operations - project sitara
in addition , peggy hedstrom and brent price were promoted to vice president ,
as announced in the memo issued by enron corp . office of the chairman . peggy
leads energy operations for enron canada , with responsibility for risk
management , documentation and gas logistics . peggy also serves as a key
interface with canadian pipelines as a member of several industry
committees . brent is the senior business controller for gas trading
operations in the u . s . his responsibilities include risk management ,
confirmations , volume management and settlements for the east , west and
central regions . he also provides operational expertise in the due diligence
phase of the evaluations of joint ventures and acquisitions .