Subject: sitara position
please use the position manager home button .
when using the sitara position manager , and you drill down to view details
or change the dates , the position manager keeps
all your views running in the background . this feature allows you to use the
back and forward buttons to keep your views running .
on the downside , if you keep these views running but do not really intend to
go back to look at them , the system and your pc are working harder
to keep all the old views active and updated .
the home button sends you back to your default view - the first view you had
up when you hit apply . by clicking this button , your
position manager will clear out the old views the next time you drill in .
this is the only way to clear out the old views that you no longer need .
if you do not use the home key , and keep drilling in and changing the dates ,
the position manager is still keeping all the your views for
the day running in the backgound .
what we have found is by the end of the day , a user that does not clear out
the old views can have well over 30 views open , which is like having
30 position managers up on your pc . when that user closes down , the position
gets locked up for a while as it tries to clear out all the old views .
we will be making some changes soon to that should resolve this issue as far
as the sitara machine is concerned ; however , your pc may still be
slow with excessive unneccessary views open . we could make a change to
limit the number of active views you can have open , but at this time
i am not sure that is necessary ; regardless , in the mean time , please
remember to use your home button .
other helpful hints -
did you know you can shrink you tool bar ? tools options - uncheck show tool
bar text labels -
did you know you can split your position screen to have pipes on top and
zones and meters below ? tools options - show drill down second panel -
if you have an omicron position porfolio - your min / max button shows you
actual - and min / max for your day swing deals .
same works for nom flex portfolio .