Subject: iwon member news : iwon tv show , new year of prizes , more !
dear daren farmer ,
we ' ve just made two major announcements !
we will be awarding our $ 10 million annual grand prize , our
march $ 1 million prize , a mercedes convertible and a trip for
four to maui plus $ 25 , 000 spending money during our very own
network tv show !
the first - ever " iwon . com annual $ 10 million giveaway " airs
april 15 th , from 8 : 00 - 8 : 30 pm et / pt , on the cbs television network .
get all the latest show news at :
we ' re launching a new , bigger and better yearlong sweepstakes
starting april lst ! what makes it bigger and better ? we ' re
adding 30 - that ' s right , thirty - $ 1 , 000 cash prizes as part
of our new weekly prize club , while continuing our $ 10 , 000 daily ,
$ 1 million monthly and $ 10 million annual sweepstakes . iwon
just keeps getting better !
to learn more about our new prize structure and automatically be
entered into our march bonus $ 20 , 000 sweepstakes , click here :
click here for the official march bonus $ 20 , 000 sweepstakes rules :
" my iwon " - all your personalized info on just one page !
personalize your " my iwon " page and you can enjoy all this at a glance :
? expanded news headlines ( add up to 16 categories ! )
? local weather conditions ( now with more forecast information than ever ! )
? sports scores ( with easy access to new associated press coverage ! )
? daily horoscope ( featuring a new dating guide and more - one click away ! )
? lottery results , stock updates , favorite links and more !
make " my iwon " all yours at :
play free games and win big prizes at prizecentral . com !
choose from 15 games from solitaire to slots . earn tokens , and
redeem for your choice of over $ 300 , 000 in monthly prizes like
cash , dvd players , diamond earrings , toys , vacations and much more .
everyone wins at prize central . prizes start at only 5 tokens .
click here now to play for free !
introducing the new iwon tax center !
april 17 th is coming - have you done your taxes yet ? we have all
the advice , tips and online forms you need , plus a withholding
calculator , tax estimator and more !
visit the tax center at :
good luck and have fun !
george nimeh
vice president
community and member services
iwon . com http : / / www . iwon . com why wouldn ' t you ?
need help ?
if you have any questions about the iwon service , please
visit our online help center .
visit iwon help at :
you received this newsletter because when you registered at
iwon . com , you indicated that you wished to receive email from
us about new features , events and special offers .
we hope you found this newsletter useful . however , if you ' d
like your name taken off the mailing list , you can update
your preferences by changing your member profile .
to update your member profile , go to the iwon homepage and
click on " my profile " which is located at the bottom of the
page . ( if you ' re not signed - in , you will need to do so before
you can update your profile . ) from your member profile page ,
you can change your email preferences .
update your profile at :
no purchase necessary to enter the iwon sweepstakes or march
$ 20 , 000 bonus sweepstakes . void where prohibited . promotions
open to u . s . residents 18 or older . odds depend on number of
entries . promotions end 4 / 1 / 00 .
email distribution services for iwon . com provided by
dartmail .
* # * dfarmer @ ect . enron . com