Subject: march activity survey
as you are aware , we are starting to collect data for our march price model .
i ' ve attached a survey to help us collect the data that will be driving your
costs from the activities to the commercial teams . in the ' data ' tab , please
select the your rcs , and fill in the driver quantity for the requested driver
for the month of february . please fill out the attached activity driver
survey with march numbers for your rc by end of day wednesday , april 5 th . if
your group currently generates a standard report that captures the surveyed
data , please send the report to me , and put me on your recipient list
beginning next month . this will eliminate your need to fill out this survey
every month . if you would like us to collect this information from someone
within your team beginning next month , please let me know .
please take this opportunity to verify the following :
1 . the driver indicates a measure for the time and effort your team spent to
perform these activities for each commercial team .
2 . the activity is spent in support of the commercial teams identified
( please let us know otherwise )
3 . if the activity is using an allocation ( for example " allocate 0469 " or
" 80 - 20 split " ) , that the percentage allocated to each commercial team has not
changed from last month . ( please let us know if it has changed what the new
allocation is ) .
in reference to these surveys , please note :
if you are allocating only infrastructure costs to some commercial teams
listed in the survey , please identify them . we will take your business
support costs ( such as feedback , training , etc . ) and allocate them evenly
among these teams .
the costs for " commercial team specific " activities that you filled time out
for in the january time survey will be directly allocated to that commercial
team ( e . g . genco support will trace 100 % of its costs to genco ) .
please let us know if you have any questions on this survey .
regards ,
shari
3 - 3859