Subject: procedure for adding new capacity tickets for multi - desk service
utilization - revised
revision in bold . pass on to any who may need this .
in order to provide the ability to track transport expense by desk , sitara
was modified to allow multiple transport capacity tickets for the same
service contract provided that they are for different desks and only one is
tagged as " primary " . here is the procedure for setting up new capacity
tickets to reflect the " other " desks :
a . you will probably first notice this via a warning / error message in path
manager when building a new path . the message will read something like
" source / destination 123456 for desk imct does not match service contract 3434
and will be removed . "
b . make note of the deal number in the service list of the service contract
that you were using in the new path .
c . open that transport capacity deal in sitara . then hit copy .
d . on the new deal :
change the buyer from the old desk to the new desk that matches the supply
or market deal that you are pathing with . if it a deal for which we are
agent , then don ' t change the buyer but instead change the agent to the new
desk . the " primary " deal will carry the actual agent . the agent
contract will get cleared . re - select the agent contract .
changing the buyer causes the contract field to get blanked out . re - select
the pipeline contract .
just above the various exchange line items is a primary deal check box .
un - check it .
on each exchange line item , change the mdq to zero and for any negotiated
rates , uncheck them as well . the " primary " deal will carry the mdq and
any negotiated demand , commodity or fuel .
hit release .
e . you may need to re - retrieve path manager . you should see the deal number
in the service list now read " multiple " . right - click / service deals will list
the specific deals .
f . re - build the path as you originally desired . the warning / error message
should not appear again .
this could occur for any combination of desk and service contract .
please file this in your " call dave if i can ' t find this " folder .
thanks , d . n .