Subject: registration confirmation - my yahoo !
account information
help
do not reply to this message . if you did not request this account , click
here .
registration confirmed - welcome to yahoo !
this message confirms your new account with yahoo ! .
?
your yahoo ! id :
mpfarmer
your email address :
dfarmer @ enron . com
?
what if the email address listed above is incorrect or changes in the future ?
please keep your email contact current so we can help you in case you can ' t
access your yahoo ! account . to update your email address , first sign into
my yahoo ! or any other yahoo ! personalized service . then click on " account
info " at the top of the page . ( if " account info " is not available , please
click on " options " first , then on " account info . " ) the field you need to
change is called " alternate email address . "
?
what can i do with my new yahoo ! id ?
yahoo ! mail yahoo ! mail
get your own yahoo . com email address yahoo ! auctions yahoo ! auctions
buy and sell for free . [ image ] yahoo ! chat
chat with people from all over the world .
yahoo ! calendar yahoo ! calendar
keep yourself organized . my yahoo ! my yahoo !
customize the way you use the internet . yahoo ! games yahoo ! games
new and classic online games .
yahoo ! travel yahoo ! travel
reservations , tickets , discounts and information . yahoo ! shopping yahoo ! shopping
search for your favorite products and brands and compare prices . yahoo ! messenger yahoo !
messenger
get notified when you have new mail and send instant messages .
show me more . . .
thank you for signing up at yahoo !
?
what if i didn ' t request this account ?
please click here if you didn ' t request it or no longer wish to have it . if
you are then prompted for the deletion key , please cut and paste the
following to the text box as requested on the deletion page :
you could also reply to this email ( and make sure to copy this entire email
in your reply ) with remove as the subject line .
[ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ]