Subject: fw : special prayer request
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : celestedeo @ aol . com
sent : tuesday , april 11 , 2000 1 : 21 pm
subject : special prayer request
hi ,
i am coming to you with a very special prayer request . we have some good
friends here in nashville , mark and melanie burress and their one year old
baby gracie , who have recently received some devastating news . mark was
diagnosed in december with leukemia . his is normally a very slow spreading
form of the disease but unfortunately his is spreading extremely fast . he
also has a rare dna type and only about 12 people on the bone marrow donor
list ( out of 4 . 5 million ) were possible matches and all have since been
elimnated . we held a bone marrow drive in his behalf at church this past
weekend and over 1200 people came to donate . this amazed the people running
the drive because they said they normally get a few hundred at the most .
if a donor is not found by june his chances are very , very slim to live to
july . he has chosen to have his bone marrow transplant in houston at the
anderson hospital so i am asking if there is anyone in houston who knows of
a
strong , supportive congregation near the hospital that they may attend ( when
possible ) while they are there , that would be greatly appreciated . if a
donor is located , they say the transplant procedure is very difficult and he
won ' t be able to have any contact with his baby for several months due to
his
immune system being weakened . as you can imagine , this would put his wife
in
a severe state of limbo , having to be primary caregiver to someone who is
incapacitated and a baby without the two being able to be together .
it is difficult to watch someone with so much to give and so much to live
for
to be facing such a hard fight . please keep his family in your prayers and
i
know if there is a miracle with marks ' name on it , god will provide it .
if you could please pass this on to the chi sigs / regina list , every little
prayer they get will be appreciated .
thank you !
celeste ( sasser ) ortega