Subject: re : pg & e texas meeting
recap of pg & e texas meeting 4 / 12 / 00 .
volume issues :
? sherlyn schumack will provide stacey neuweiler with volume variances by day
and contract as soon as possible ( preferably the same day allocation is
received ) .
? stacey will notify sherlyn of correct volume or status if further research
is necessary as soon as possible .
? sherlyn will notify logistics , stacey , and lorraine of pg & e texas of
interconnect variances by day .
? each group will respond promptly to ensure payment can be made through the
system , eliminating manual line items on invoice .
? charlotte hawkins will see what was confirmed on the outstanding
interconnect issue for 2 / 00 , and daren or charlotte will make the necessary
correction .
rate issues :
? heidi withers will pull daily rates from pg & e texas bulletin board .
? greg steagall will provide heidi with service verification ( s ) and the daily
allocation summary received from pg & e texas during close , which shows rates
from pg & e texas .
? no action will be taken on rate variances where pg & e was paid per their
invoice . heidi has talked with brenda herod , and brenda is okay with this
course of action .
? there are four invoices from 1999 production where pg & e was underpaid , so
heidi and greg will work to correct those months to pay pg & e correctly .
there are no open invoices in settlements .
? it was noted that manual line items are not to be used to pay pg & e per
their invoice in the future . we expect to correct issues in the system prior
to the due date of the invoice unless there is a valid disagreement between
ena and pg & e . if ena has a valid disagreement , we will pay per ena  , s
verification .
daren has put in a request for legal to transfer the ena transport contracts
to hpl . this would eliminate stacey having to schedule the transport on ena
as well as the desk to desk deal . it would also prevent sherlyn from having
to allocate the transport expense contract and the brokered desk to desk
deal .
he has not had a response from legal yet .