Subject: ena organizational changes
ena  , s first quarter performance has been outstanding which has been achieved
by the exceptional talent and hard work of all ena employees . ena  , s ability
to quickly move people to new business ventures and market opportunities ,
such as enron net works , reinforces the depth of talent in ena , our continued
commitment to encourage innovation and creativity in all things we do and our
enthusiasm to support people in pursuing new ideas .
accordingly , following the recently announced launch of enron net works and
the associated personnel movements , we are pleased to announce the following
changes within ena effective immediately .
john lavorato will be relocating from calgary to houston to oversee all ena
risk management and trading activities and will report to the office of the
chairman . john will have direct responsibility for all natural gas , power ,
emissions , equities and rates trading . as well , john will have direct
responsibility for the risk management and trading functions within the pulp
& paper , coal and global risk ( weather and insurance ) businesses . otherwise ,
the pulp & paper , coal and global risk businesses will report to the office
of the chairman . following john  , s departure from canada , we have asked rob
milnthorp to be the president of enron canada .
following the departure of greg piper , the industrial origination team will
be co - headed by jim ajello , rodney malcolm and edward ondarza who will report
to the office of the chairman . jim , rodney and edward will work as a team to
ensure the continued growth of ena  , s large industrial capability .
notwithstanding their joint accountability , each will have a distinct focus
and responsibility within the industrial group . jim ajello will focus on the
coverage and marketing efforts for all industrial segments except pulp and
paper . edward ondarza will focus on our market making , coverage and
marketing efforts in the pulp and paper industry . rodney malcolm will focus
on product development , structuring and execution functions for all
industrial segments .
we have asked jeff donahue to oversee all ena corporate development and
principal investing activities and will report to the office of the
chairman . corporate development will continue to seek strategic acquisition
opportunities in existing and new businesses . the principal investing group
will continue to focus on equity and venture capital syle investments in high
growth business lines which are directly related to ena  , s core businesses or
are significantly influenced by trends related to our business . given this
change , ray bowen will be solely responsible for the management of ena  , s
commercial transactions ( ctg ) group .
with the departure of ron slimp to ebs , scott tholan will be managing our
competitive analysis and reporting group and will report to john lavorato .
please join us in congratulating all of the individuals in their new roles
and responsibilities .