Subject: the foundation course - bottom - line project management ( july 25 - 26 )
we said it was coming and here it is . . . . .
bottom - line project management
the foundation course
july 25  ) 26 , 2000
target audience
this class is for people new to project management , from all functions and at
all leadership levels . in addition , it ' s for shirt sleeve project managers ,
members of large project teams and individual contributors . participants may
have business experience but little project management training . they do
part of the project themselves and use borrowed resources to do the rest .
the  & basics  8
teaches the basics  ) how to plan , schedule , resource , influence , track ,
report and complete any size project in any area . features pre - work , action
learning , individual and team exercises and a mini - simulation of a project on
which participants practice skills and get immediate feedback on results .
what you learn
participants learn and take away an application package , the bottom - line tool
kit , to successfully implement their next project assignment . there is an
option to use project software in class to identify critical path , modify
tasks , and control projects .
key learning points :
speak a common language  ) use basic terms , answer key questions
identify behaviors of effective project leaders and teams
5 - step common sense methodology to plan , organize , resource , implement and
close - out any size project  ) in any area
organizational terms & definitions : stakeholders , customers , sponsors , etc .
develop and apply 3 key visual tools to planing and track performance
resource , staff and complete projects , with limited ,  billed to your rc and company
number
to enroll
sign up on line through the organizational development & training intranet
site , which can be accessed through enron ' s home page . click on " sites " ,
" intranet sites " and then " organizational development & training " . then
click on " training " and then " leadership training " . or , go directly to the
site by entering the intranet address below .
if you have any questions about this course or any other offerings
sponsored by od & t , feel free to contact
susan m . lewis at 713 - 853 - 9712 or slewis 2 @ enron . com .