Subject: may activity survey
attached please find the activity survey for the month of may , 2000 .
i am sending the survey out this time as an opportunity to introduce myself
to those of you i have not yet met . i am being asked to take a direct roll
in the further development and rollout of the operations pricing model ( fka
transaction cost model ) . in the past , i have directed the implementation of
several pricing systems based on activity based costing similar to the
operations pricing model ( opm ) . over the past couple of weeks my
observations of the model have lead me to be concerned with the quality of
data used in the model . it will take efforts by both you and the opm team to
get to a satisfactory level of data quality . this process can start with
this months data collection efforts . please pay particular attention this
month as the " bar is being raised " by the management of energy operations for
data quality and timeliness .
the attached survey drives your costs from your activities to the commercial
teams . please select your rcs , and fill in the driver quantity for the
requested driver for the month of may . please fill out the attached activity
driver survey with may numbers for your rc and return to shari mao by end of
day friday , june 2 .
please note the following updates :
for nat gas , sally beck is interested in physical ( as denoted as ph in the
survey ) vs . financial ( as denoted as fi in the survey ) numbers , please
provide statistics accordingly
if a driver has not been updated per your request , please call or email
jennifer reside
if you have additional updates / suggestions or items that need correction ,
please call or email jennifer reside
if your group currently generates a standard report that captures the
surveyed data , please send the report to jennifer reside . this will
eliminate your need to fill out this survey every month . if you would like
us to collect this information from someone within your team beginning next
month , please let jennifer know .
please contact jennifer reside x 3 - 5971 with questions ( shari is on vacation
this week ) , or if you are unable to complete the survey within the allotted
time .