Subject: new su bridge
the new sitara to unify bridge monitor is in production .
the monitor shows deals in error state ( failed ) or in queue to bridge
( pending ) - for deals going to unify from sitara .
you will find it under - start - programs - trading - sitara - su bridge
monitor .
you may need to load the borland bde v 5 . 0 software to use this , if not
already loaded .
we enhanced the monitor to make it a more useful tool .
if deal is in an error state on the sitara side - we have not sent it over to
unify .
if the deal in an error state on the unify side - sitara has sent it to unify
- however - it is in the unify failed deal group .
you can sort by the columns - best to sort by business unit .
the date column - shows the last time someone edited the deal .
start date and stop date - are begin and end date of deal .
sitara deal id - as well as - eol deal id .
indicates if the deal is an business unit is an agent on the deal .
if you are contract or validation support - please do not edit the status = p
deals - these are the deals with pending status for desk to desk transactions
( awaiting the other desk to approve the deal or changes to the deal ) . if you
release these deals - you will be the approver of the deal - as you have
access to multiple desks .
you can hit the refresh button to re - query the data - or set the auto refresh
on the tool bar .
we did not build filter by business unit for multiple reasons :
- the expense to build the filter .
- it is easier to support if everyone is looking at the same thing .
- if there is a new business unit - you will see it .
- normally - there should not be more than a screen full of deals in error
state - once petro can / suncor / sunoco are set up - we will have a reasonable
number to look at - and you can sort by the business unit column .
- if you do want to filter - you may do so - by using the send to excel
feature - under tool bar option - file - dump to excel .
if you have any questions or problems - please call the sitara hotline .