Subject: interconnect / intercompany issues
below is a list of the major items that are still outstanding on the
interdesk / interconnect report for 1999 and 2000 that is impacting the
intercompany cleanup for sap implementation . these issues have been
addressed in earlier e - mails and this is an updated list of issues that need
to be completed by june 19 , 2000 .
1 ) king ranch interstates - fred and stella are working with exxon to
reconcile from oct 1999 - apr 2000 the interstate nominations for tennessee
and ngpl and also for tejas .
2 ) tetco meter 6892 - question of who has custody transfer at the meter .
ena is using tetco ' s volume and hplc is using the hpl measurement volume ,
causing a desk to desk variance .
clem and pat are working on .
3 ) transco bammel meter 74 - transco and hpl ' s nominations are out of
balance at meter 74 . charlotte needs to work with transco to resolve .
4 ) dow meter 4486 - the sale to entex needs to be taken off of hplc meter
4486 and the sale needs to be at dow meter 4486 .
a desk to desk between ena ( buyer )
and hplc ( seller ) needs to be set up on dow meter 4486 .
ami needs to set up the deals and
thu needs to coordinate the months involved .
once this is done and thu
reallocates to dow pipeline , jackie needs to zero out the confirmed noms and
make the meter non allocatable in pops .
clem verified with steve schneider
that this meter is not on hpl ' s system .
5 ) east texas gas / devon - devon invoicing ena entire flow at carthage .
meter 4607701 east texas keeping hplc whole on
nominations
desk to desk
deal is out of balance because of this
karen is working
with pennzoil and east texas to reach agreement on how to handle this issue
between them
6 ) pgev - actuals on swing meters ( hpl ) not matching expense volumes being
allocated by pgev .
sherlyn is working with stacey and charlotte to resolve .
7 ) pan energy sales issues - discrepancies on pgev . katherine and sherlyn
are working with stacey to resolve .