Subject: accomplishments
sorry for the delay . . . ami
1 . tom asked for a historical number for entex the 2 nd week on the job in the
morning meeting . he wasn  , t expecting me to bring forth anything because i had
just started . no one provided any information after the first day , so i
decided to look it up and do it myself . tom was very pleased .
2 . tom gave that info to ed , and he asked for further data :
a . about cinco ranch , greatwood , and spring interconnects
i coordinated with brad blevins and applied it to the fact that origination
was booked for nov , but the points had yet to be operational . brad and i
remain in close contact to share any entex interconnect info .
b . research transport info
documented why entex transport volumes decreased by 6000 , and used info
towards the audit
c . check weather forecast for nov
i got weather info from mike roberts and developed some volumes that
corresponded with historical data related to the average of the forecast . tom  ,
s response was , " this is great . why hasn  , t anyone been able to do this
before . "
3 . prepare and present entex info in morning meetings and prebid meetings .
4 . work with weather research group to get better understanding of entex
trends .
5 . prepare information gathering entex data including :
midcon vols
price behavior
temperature and weather conditions
hpl vols
6 . thoroughly understand and apply entex contracts :
- realize need for daily vols and mentor summer intern to put together data
base of historical information ( winter cap )
- recognized accounting discrepancy that saved us $ 11 , 000
- reorganized entex tracking spreadsheets to incorporate a variety of info ,
including booked volumes , weather , and contract terms
- part of the audit team
7 . managed weather hedge ( swap and put )
after doing some background work , i found out that the weather research group
was incorrect , and their files were feeding incorrect data ( iah temps instead
of hou temps ) . this find resulted in a gain on of $ 3 , 376 , 780 .
8 . handle ces deals on the texas desk
- organized and facilitated a meeting with back office to review all ces deals
- incorporated all ces info with enron systems
- fully gather all data
- liaison between devon and enron ( whole trade floor )
- ensure all information was correct
- praised by :
joan quick - " you went above and beyond the call of duty "
howard camp - " when i met with the other regions , texas was the only one that
had its the info in line and organized "
9 . develop good relationship with entex
10 . facilitate monthly meeting with cross - functional entex team to resolve
issues , discuss current happenings , and to keep everyone in the " know "
11 . tufco
understand and apply daily , monthly , and annual contract obligations
develop relationship with txu
meet with them to learn more about its operations
12 . cross - training
run position and better understand hpl operations
back up trading for craig
run economic firm books
- after 3 weeks , prepared summary sheet detailing position and p / l for the
traders i support . complimented by tom