Subject: reliant ' s attempt at humor
look what our competition thinks about us .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve venturatos / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2000
03 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
angie zeman @ enron
06 / 21 / 2000 02 : 18 pm
to : steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : reliant ' s attempt at humor
-
thought you might like to see ( and get a laugh at ) what ; s going around !
- -
thought you would find the below " press release " a bit
humorous . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . everyone is always looking to bash
# 1 . . . . . . . . . . . and from the looks of the cc ' s , it has made a good loop around
at both reliant and the diner .
for immediate release
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
today enron and hades announced a definitive energy services agreement said
to be worth an estimated $ 666 trillion .
in the deal , enron will provide both gas and electric commodities to hades '
facilities throughout and under north america . john d . rockefeller , former
ceo of energy monopolist standard oil , is now head of hades ' energy
management division . said rockefeller , " obviously hell has significant
heating demands . while eternal flames are a great idea in concept , they
require vast and reliable fuel resources . enron was the only supplier
willing to make a deal with my boss , and , as a former monopolist , i just
like the way they do business . "
a spokesperson for enron said the two cultures were able to work easily
together during negotiations . according to the company , " the deal fits both
companies exceptionally well . with hades ' ability to attract and retain new
customers , we see this as a fabulous growth opportunity for millennia to
come . " according to several energy industry insiders , hades ' high heating
demand with very little need for summer air conditioning make it a very
attractive energy portfolio addition .
hades is a multinational corporation with millions of sites worldwide and
approximately 173 quintillion customers . the entity boasts sustained high
growth rates over the last two thousand years .
enron is one of the world ' s leading energy and communications companies .
the company owns approximately $ 37 billion in energy and communications
assets . enron ranks in the top quarter of fortune ' s " best 100 companies to
work for if you can keep a job there and don ' t mind working 80 hours a
week , " and is among the most respected corporations in america , as ranked by
customers with respect - us - or - get - curtailed clauses in their energy supply
contracts .