Subject: organizational announcement : industrial origination , ctg , and ena
treasury
effective immediately , ray bowen will take over leadership of the industrial
origination group responsible for enron north america  , s origination
activities in the industrial market including pulp & paper , metals , refining ,
and petrochemicals . as part of the industrial origination group , jim ajello ,
will continue to lead the origination effort in the metals , refining , and
petrochemical sector . edward ondarza maintains oversight of origination in
the pulp and paper sectors . rodney malcolm retains primary responsibility
for leading the execution of transactions and delivery of the outsource
solutions to industrial customers .
when the commercial transactions group was created approximately a year ago ,
the objective was to create an internal emphasis on the development of
transaction execution skills that are necessary to execute complex ,
structured transactions and to foster better deal quality . we believe that
the primary objectives of the ctg have been achieved , and in order to better
position the organization for the remainder of 2000 and in response to ray
bowen  , s new position , the following changes will be made in the commercial
transactions group organization .
transaction development : transaction development , which was created to
provide focused deal execution capability to the origination groups , will be
merged into each respective origination group and report solely to the group
leaders .
portfolio management : all activities surrounding portfolio investments will
report to jeff donahue . jeff will be responsible for ena  , s  & capital book  8
and will have a high level of involvement in existing portfolio investments
and will work closely with ena treasury and the various origination groups to
assure that new transactions ( a ) incorporate appropriate risk / return
characteristics , ( b ) are evaluated in the context of market based pricing
signals , and ( c ) incorporate a specific investment plan which includes
syndication of the investment , if applicable , and a specific exit strategy .
portfolio management includes restructuring / special assets ( randy
maffett / dick lydecker ) and capital structuring ( andrea reed ) . steve pruett
( energy capital resources ) , chuck ward ( generation investments ) , don miller
( merchant generation ) , and chris helfrich ( coal and industrial ) will continue
to be responsible for day to day asset management for performing investments
and will report to their respective origination units with a dual report to
jeff . jeff will retain his corporate development and principal investments
activities .
commodity structuring : commodity structuring including berney aucoin ( power )
and ed mcmichael ( gas ) will report to janet dietrich . janet will retain
responsibility for east midstream origination . commodity structuring will
continue to work to facilitate and structure the highest priority and highest
value transactions across the entire ena organization .
technical / oec : the technical group ( wayne mays / bob virgo ) , which provides
technical support to industrial and power generation asset development
activities , and oec ( lead by mark dobler ) will report directly to the ena
office of the chairman .
in addition to these changes , joe deffner has been named ena  , s chief
financial officer and will head ena treasury . in this role he will be
responsible for managing ena  , s balance sheet and the sourcing of capital in
the bank and capital markets . joe will report jointly to the ena office of
the chairman and to enron corp . global finance .