Subject: hpl 75 th anniversary celebration
houston pipe line company  , s 75 th anniversary
moody gardens hotel
galveston , texas
september 9 , 2000
frequently asked questions
houston pipe line company  , s 75 th anniversary celebration is right around the
corner . to help you plan for the event , we  , ve developed a list of questions
and answers . look for future updates via email and if you have a question ,
please send it to meetingstop @ aol . com .
? how do houston pipe line employees rsvp for the anniversary celebration ?
register via email - - the sooner the better ! you provide minimal information
via email to our event coordinator on the form you  , ve received with this
email . note : registration ends august 15 .
? can i bring my children for a family weekend outing ?
the celebration is for houston pipe line employees and a guest .
? what are check - in and checkout times at the hotel ?
check - in at moody gardens hotel is 4 pm saturday and checkout is at noon
sunday . although early room check - in is unlikely on saturday , employees may
arrive early and check their luggage in the hotel lobby to enjoy the moody
gardens attractions . rooms will be assigned as they become available
throughout saturday . we  , ll give you specifics on the check - in process in
future updates .
? can i reserve a room for friday , september 8 ? what is the room rate ?
a limited number of rooms may be available on friday night for $ 129 . 00
( single or double ) . houston pipe line employees should contact the hotel
directly to make friday reservations . the phone number for moody gardens
hotel is 888 / 388 - 8484 or 409 / 781 - 8484 .
? should i use my personal credit card for incidental expenses ?
yes , you should use your personal credit card for incidental expenses , such
as long distance phone calls . just present your credit card at check - in .
? what is the dress code for the weekend ?
cocktail attire is appropriate for the anniversary celebration . black tie is
optional ! comfy relaxed attire is mandatory for enjoying moody garden
attractions .
? can i include the mileage to galveston on my expense report ?
travel to and from moody gardens hotel is not eligible for expense
reimbursement .
? which meals are included during my hotel stay ?
the celebration includes saturday night cocktails and dinner .
houston pipe line employees will receive two drink tickets each for the
cocktail hour or at dinner . cash bars will be available during the
celebration .
? what time is the official company celebration over ?
employees and guests are on their own and free to enjoy galveston after
dinner saturday night and on sunday . as a reminder , checkout time is at noon
on sunday .
? what are  + garden dollars  8 and do i have access to all moody gardens
attractions ?
houston pipe line employees and guests will each receive  + garden money  ,
valued at $ 35 . 00 .  + garden money  , can be used throughout the complex to enjoy
attractions or for a spa service .
? doesn  , t moody gardens have an incredible spa ?
yes , employees should contact the spa at moody gardens hotel to schedule
appointments for all spa services . the spa offers a variety of services
including massages , body wraps and treatments , hydrotherapy baths and
facials . call the spa at 888 / 388 - 8484 or 409 / 683 - 4440 to schedule an
appointment .
? does the hotel have a designated parking area ?
hotel guests may enjoy covered parking located at the entrance to the
complex , behind the hotel . note a posted sign at the parking garage entrance
reads " valet only " , but hotel guests are free to use the garage .
employee celebration
registration
plan to attend ?
enjoy easy , speedy registration ?
send information requested below to meetingstop @ aol . com .
expect registration confirmation via email .
register early ! register now !
1 ) employee  , s name
2 ) employee  , s daytime phone number
3 ) guest  , s name
4 ) overnight accommodations ( select one of each category )
? king bed or two queen beds
? smoking or non - smoking room
5 ) dinner only ? yes / no
6 ) do you want  + garden dollars  , for moody gardens hotel or attractions ? yes
/ no