Subject: find the perfect vacation package
dear daren farmer ,
it ' s time to take a break , go somewhere wild and fantastic ,
and make all your travel plans happen in one place .
expedia . com has some great packages for you that include
air , hotel , and in some cases a car . just pick your destination ,
the month you want to leave , and we ' ll show you everything
that ' s available . look for the yellow star to find packages
with the greatest value .
http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / packages /
also , did you get your free copy of expedia travels magazine
yet ? the premiere edition is packed with information that will
show you how to use the web to travel smarter . get your free
copy today !
ode = adt
bahamas cruise with nascar heroes
meet some of the top nascar drivers on this four - night
cruise to the bahamas from port canaveral . you ' ll get to
attend photo opportunities , get autographs , take part in trivia
contests , and test your skills in a remote - control car .
see what ' s new in other places : http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / travnews /
your faretracker low fares
we ' ve designed fare tracker to help you find great fares by listing
the lowest fares found by your fellow travelers on the routes you
selected .
you can change your fare tracker subscription at :
we have made it easier to find the lowest fares that we
send to you in the faretracker mail by sending you the lowest
fares found by other expedia customers . unfortunately ,
we are unable to track fares for all possible airport pairs
in the world . all three airport pairs that you have in your
faretracker subscription are no longer supported . please click
here to log into expedia and choose from the hundreds of
airport pairs we do currently track fares for :
check out all your route and fare options with our flight wizard :
special deals
we handpick the best offers and promotions to bring you
excellent value on unforgettable experiences .
take five : 5 nights , 50 % off with wyndham
it ' s time to slow down , call in sick , and get out of town  -
especially when you can save 50 % off your next stay at
any wyndham hotel & resort for up to five nights . find out
more .
travelscape . com : philadelphia package from $ 399
stroll through one of america ' s most historical cities while
you savor the delicacy of a classic cheesesteak sandwich .
package includes airfare and two nights at the radisson
philadelphia hotel .
uniglobe . com : cruise the west coast from $ 266
take a day off and enjoy this three - day cruise from san
francisco to vancouver , b . c . you ' ll get to stop at victoria , b . c .
for some excellent shopping . this is the perfect getaway for a
long weekend .
go - today : london land package from $ 299
spend six nights getting to know the beauty of london during
the summer . package includes accommodations , transfers ,
daily breakfast , and optional sightseeing tours . this is a great
way to experience a slice of europe .
looking for more great deals on expedia . com ? see our
special deals at :
from our sponsors
cool off with one of hyatts summer deals
? hyatt touch weekends from $ 75 per room per night including valuable
extras
? getaway weekend rates  - best available rates for the upcoming 2
weekends
? sunshine on sale  - free nights at resorts
for details see :
http : / / ads . msn . com / ads / expftr / hyattl . asp
thank you again for traveling with expedia . com .
expedia . com travel team
don ' t just travel . travel right .
http : / / expedia . com /
you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered
member of expedia . com . your expedia membership is free and
your privacy and credit card security are guaranteed . questions ?
visit the expedia . com service center at :
http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / service /
if you do not wish to receive any further e - mails from us ,
please reply to this mail with " unsubscribe " in the subject line .
apologies but we cannot reply to responses to fare tracker .
if you have questions or want to give feedback , click here :
( c ) 1998 , 1999 , 2000 expedia , inc . all rights reserved .
this email was sent to : dfarmer @ ect . enron . com
- attl . htm