Subject: save up to 70 % on hotels
dear daren farmer ,
one of the things we like to do here at expedia is help you
maximize your vacation dollar . since accommodations are a
big part of every vacation , we went to more than 1 , 200 quality
hotels in more than 240 cities and negotiated hotel rates up to
70 % less than the average standard rates . we call these expedia
special rates , and it ' s all about saving you money . when you
search for a hotel on expedia . com , just look for the " expedia
special rates " icon and you ' ll know you ' re getting this special rate .
right now , you can take advantage of an expedia special rate
at the brand - new aladdin resort in las vegas . this spectacular
hotel just opened , and it features one of the largest collections of
shopping , dining , entertainment , and gaming options available in
las vegas . see what it ' s all about :
5117
travel news
every week , we bring you the travel updates so you can
make exactly the right travel choices .
d . c . art show makes an " impression "
what do you mean your kids don ' t understand van gogh ,
matisse , cezanne ? well , now ' s their chance to see these
classics as more than just weird blobs of color , thanks to an
art museum in washington , d . c . that will help your kids get
hip to impressionism .
sionistart . asp
transport yourself to china from portland
stroll past stone lions and walls of greenery in a suzhou - style
garden , which is the largest of its kind outside of china . as you
pass through the moongates of this oregon chinese garden ,
you ' ll feel as if you ' ve been transported to china .
egarden . asp
sail out of sydney with olympic legends
if you ' re headed to sydney for the olympics this year , this is your
chance to cruise with some of the top athletes around on a 12 - day
cruise to new zealand . hang out with swimmer john naber , high
jumper dwight stones , distance runner louis zamperini , and speed
skater dan jansen .
cs . asp
see what ' s new in other places : http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / travnews /
your faretracker low fares
we ' ve designed fare tracker to help you find great fares by listing
the lowest round trip fares found by your fellow travelers on the routes
you
selected .
you can change your fare tracker subscription at :
we have made it easier to find the lowest fares that we
send to you in the faretracker mail by sending you the lowest
fares found by other expedia customers . unfortunately ,
we are unable to track fares for all possible airport pairs
in the world . all three airport pairs that you have in your
faretracker subscription are no longer supported . please click
here to log into expedia and choose from the hundreds of
airport pairs we do currently track fares for :
check out all your route and fare options with our flight wizard :
special deals
we handpick the best offers and promotions to bring you
excellent value on unforgettable experiences .
hawaiian airlines : los angeles to oahu , hawaii from $ 488
beaches , sunsets , and open ocean . see for yourself what
makes hawaii so great .
kuartos . com : overnight in mexico from $ 85
you ' ll get a luxury room in cozumel , breakfast , and diving
tickets for two .
cruise outlet : ten days in the mexican riviera from $ 1 , 349
discover some of the finest cities in mexico and indulge
yourself at sea .
travelscape . com : philadelphia package from $ 399
experience the city of brotherly love . package includes
air and two nights ' accommodation .
looking for more great deals on expedia . com ? see our
special deals at :
from our sponsors
blue nile travel advisory : protect your new wedding rings
ensure your wedding rings return from the honeymoon :
* make sure the rings fit snugly , so they ' re not lost during outdoor
activities .
* insure your rings before you go . check to see that your insurance
policy
covers lost and stolen items around the world .
* if you have to take your wedding rings off , put them in the hotel
safe .
for education and guidance in selecting the perfect diamond , or for a
gift
of jewelry to remind you of your trip for years to come , visit blue
nile .
for details see :
thank you again for traveling with expedia . com .
expedia . com travel team
don ' t just travel . travel right .
http : / / expedia . com /
you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered
member of expedia . com . your expedia membership is free and
your privacy and credit card security are guaranteed . questions ?
visit the expedia . com service center at :
http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / service /
if you do not wish to receive any further e - mails from us ,
please reply to this mail with " unsubscribe " in the subject line .
apologies but we cannot reply to responses to fare tracker .
if you have questions or want to give feedback , click here :
( c ) 1998 , 1999 , 2000 expedia , inc . all rights reserved .
this email was sent to : dfarmer @ ect . enron . com
- attl . htm