Subject: weekend notes
here are my notes , please let me know if you have any questions .
weekend of august 26  ) 28 , 2000
saturday :
? celanese bayport meter 8018 was ramping back up . total nomination of
35 , 000 in mops was pathed  ) transmitted nom to pops and confirmed .
? costilla , meter 9687 was still down 4 , 000 due to wellhead production
losses on friday , expected short into the first of the week , possibly longer ,
may need to fish the hole to bring the well back up .
? costilla pilgreen  ) running high h 2 s , causing our valve to shut - in 13 , 000
mm  , s ( we changed our specs at the valve to accept 8 parts per mil for 30
minutes last week , per jill zively ) . louis dreyfus was diverting the well to
another pipeline , per the contract that gas has to come to us or be shut - in .
we got the well back on saturday afternoon , and all was well .
? all meters were updated in pops for satuday  , s gas day .
? christy w / pg shell lost two units .
also , seeing meter 1394 which dels to shell back down from 10 , 000 to 5 , 000 .
? patty called re : the epng cuts , found out late afternoon that they are pcc ,
pipeline capacity constraints , at the ivalerow meter into pg & e .
? joey stanton with duke called regarding some new production coming up . he
wanted to sell it into hpl at lonestar / katy for sunday and monday . paged
darren , we took the gas , it needs to be priced today . duke let me know that
they would flow at a rate of 25 , 000 / hour , and should average approximately
12 - 15 , 000 for the day . mark mccoy is working on getting a good meter total
from lonestar for sunday , we need to get the deal in sitara and confirm
today ' s gas day as well .
? regarding pg & e , i do not have final cycle 4 numbers ( they come out around
9 pm on the gas day ) .
all in all , it was a pretty good weekend , and an educational one . gas
control did a great job communicating and assisting to resolve issues .
please check all meters impacted to make sure that i pop  , d and mop  , d
correctly .
thank you ,
mary jane