Subject: juvenile diabetes foundation fundraising
it is my sincere honor to once again lead the enron team in this year ' s
juvenile diabetes foundation ( jdf ) walk scheduled to take place on sunday ,
november 5 , 2000 , at the sam houston race park . i continue to serve on the
board of jdf representing enron and will be enron ' s corporate executive for
this year ' s fundraising efforts .
as many of you may already know , i am an insulin dependent diabetic myself .
even though i know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the
multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day , i cannot
imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease . taking
insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of
complications ; insulin is simply their life support system and without it
they would die .
enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for jdf again this year . jdf
is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84 % of all money
raised goes directly to research . enron ' s goal this year is to raise
$ 225 , 000 and we need your help . enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5
years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place ! we need team
leaders , walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal . the theme for the
walk this year is " knock out diabetes " and we would like to have you join us
for this great event . the walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 enron
people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it .
if you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader , or if
you would like to make a pledge , you may call any of the steering committee
members listed below . if you are interested in being a team leader , please
contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included
in the first important and informative training session taking place this
week .
thank you very much for your support .
mike mcconnell
steering committee members :
blanca bollom x 66091
rachel feldt x 57629
deb gebhardt x 39606
cathy phillips x 36898
john walt x 35379
debbie yates x 35305