Subject: enrononline internal launch for phase 2
on wednesday , sept . 13 , we will be using the new version of enrononline
( website and stack manager ) for all north american internal users .
please log into the temporary website : http : / / prod . enrononline . com ( no www . )
this is a live website and all trades are real .
content of this email
1 . introduction
2 . version 2 . 0 launch date
3 . new website features
4 . new stack manager features
5 . your participation
6 . contacts
1 . introduction
we are planning to launch version 2 . 0 of enrononline to customers within the
next few days . in preparation for this launch , the new web site will be
released to internal users in north america on wednesday , september 13 th .
european internal users will be launched shortly after north america .
external customers will follow a few days later .
one of the purposes of the internal launch is to simulate the system load
which will be caused by the full customer launch . accordingly , we appreciate
your cooperation in helping us to simulate this load by logging into
http : / / prod . enrononline . com ( no www . ) this is a live web site and all trades
are real .
new features ( as per recent presentations and training sessions ) include :
? price limit orders
? enhanced customization
? floating windows
? market news and quotes
? weather maps and tables
? industry - specific publications
? market - specific homepages
2 . version 2 . 0 launch date
enrononline version 2 . 0 will be launched to the public a few days after our
internal launch . we will be using the new version internally from wednesday ,
sept . 13 . this will provide an opportunity for you to become familiar with
using the new application in the production environment before our customers
start to use it .
3 . new website feature details
price limit orders : customers have the ability to set up orders that
automatically execute as soon as the price and volume requested become
available . the limit orders remain open in the system until they are
executed , cancelled by the user , or when they expire . all pending orders will
expire no later than 12 hours after being placed .
pending price limit orders will appear in a new window below the quotes
screen in the website .
product tabs : enrononline users can use enhanced filtering capabilities to
create separate page tabs for the products that interest them . users can
instantly access each page tab with a click of their mouse . sort ordering can
be changed by clicking on a column heading , with multiple sorts possible by
holding down the shift key while clicking .
floating windows : users have the ability to create multiple windows with
different products by right - clicking on the products in the main quotes
screen .
market news : website users can now access the latest headlines , sports and
industry news from reuters . furthermore , the information categories can be
customized according to personal interests . to customize a particular
category , users need to click the edit button in the category heading .
all information categories can be collapsed to save space . to expand or
collapse a category , users need to click the arrow to the left of the
category heading .
stock quotes : enrononline now offers stock quotes ( 20 min . delay ) from major
exchanges around the world .
weather insights : customers can now access weather maps and temperature data
for specific cities and regions . weather forecasts , up to six days ahead ,
and temperature differentials from periodic averages are now available .
industry publications : website users can read a wide range of
industry - specific publications including argus european natural gas , argus
european electricity , the news from ngi  , s daily gas price index , bandwidth
desk , coal daily and more .
4 . new stack manager features
the stack manager has been updated to facilitate price limit orders . you will
notice that there is a new button at the top of the stack manager , which will
open a window showing a summary of the best price limit order bids and offers
against your managed products . you can click the " + " sign to the left of a
summary to show a list of all the price limit orders which have been placed
against that product .
under normal circumstances , the price shown on the website will be the same
as the price on your stack manager . however , the system will not allow you to
show a price which is better than an existing price limit order . instead , the
system will show a price on the website equivalent to the prevailing price
limit order while it is being filled . once the appropriate price limit orders
are filled , then the website will again show your stack manager prices .
it is important that you complete the  & maximum volume  8 field in the product
properties window and that you select " allow price limit orders " . also , make
sure that the price tick window in the stack manager  , s  & product properties  8
field is appropriate for the product . if you do not do this , your customers
will not be able to use price limit orders for your products .
5 . your participation
please log in to http : / / prod . enrononline . com ( no www . ) on wednesday . to
ensure enrononline version 2 . 0 is a success , it is important that you have a
full understanding of the new features and help promote the system to your
customers .
6 . contacts
if you have any further questions that are not answered above please feel
free to contact us at :
the americas :
+ 1 ( 713 ) 853 - 4357 ( help )
asia and australia
+ 61 2 9229 2300
all other regions
+ 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 7783