Subject: budget help ! !
salaries , salaries , salaries ! ! ! everyone is having problems .
unfortunately , many of
you are new to your jobs and did not inherit paperwork to know what your
staff ' s salary is . i have the average
salary for each of the different staffing levels . i have asked the hr
department to also give me
the low and the high . let ' s face it - your staff today and their salary most
likely are not what
they are going to be next year ! to much movement of people . so using
estimates and averages
will probably be as accurate as using current salary levels .
here ' s what you can do :
1 ) make a list of your staff just their positions .
2 ) then put down if you think i should budget high , mid , average , low , low to
average , etc .
you can guess at this based on their experience , length of time in that
position , etc .
3 ) then i will calculate out an estimated salary to use for your budget .
4 ) here is the average :
sr . $ 4 , 961
spec $ 3 , 964
staff $ 3 , 026
sr . clrk $ 2 , 548
clerk $ 2 , 264
asst $ 3 , 162
your list would look something like this :
assistant average
clerk very high
sr . clerk low
specialist low to average
specialist average
sr . specialist average to high
analyst ( they are all allocated at the same amount )
you can , however , use the exact amounts if you have them . it ' s up to you .
next item - training ! ! !
here ' s what you can do :
1 ) list your staff and the type of class they need
2 ) if you don ' t know the exact class you want to send them to , then list what
type
of class - for example personal enrichment ( i . e . time management ) or
technical ( derivatives or applied finance or wellhead to burnertip )
3 ) the personal enrichment classes cost aroung $ 500 - $ 700
4 ) the technical classes cost aroung $ 800 - $ 1000 .
5 ) just list the type of class , and i ' ll do the rest .
next item - headhunters !
try 20 % of the new hires salary for their fees .
other stuff - i have made a list of all of the unusual items we do during the
year that
people forget about at budget time ( i . e . flowers for secretaries day , birthday
ice cream , offsite meeting costs , customer gifts ) . if you forget these
items , i will
make sure it is added to your budget .
once i put all of your budget information into the spreadsheets , we will
review them
so that they can be adjusted as necessary and you can approve them . hopefully
this helps you some .
diane x - 37059