Subject: re : fw : too funny not to send
" trofholz , elizabeth " on 11 / 15 / 2000 08 : 18 : 47 am
to : " ' pat . clynes @ enron . com ' "
cc :
subject : fw : too funny not to send
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : steelyl [ mailto : steelyl @ pdq . net ]
sent : tuesday , november 14 , 2000 5 : 06 pm
to : cgall @ swbell . net ; jojotemple @ aol . com ; r . lee steely md ;
rktf @ aol . com ; trofholz , elizabrth a ; andy andrau ; charles cusack ;
ethelyn kuldell ; julie zinck ; lisa kern ; marcie dasher ; marco lopez ;
mona manchester
subject : fwd : too funny not to send
subject : press release from kyle field
college station , tx ( ap ) - r . c . slocum and the texas a & m aggies are
demanding a recount of the game in which oklahoma won 35 to 31 . " the end
zones were confusing , " says slocum . " i ' m sure that some of the touchdowns
that went in oklahoma ' s end zone were meant to go into ours . we were
scoring in those end zones also . oklahoma would never have scored
thirty - five points . there ' s no way we lost this one . a & m demands a
recount . "
oklahoma officials are calling this " outrageous " . " they agreed to the size ,
shape and locations of the end zones prior to kick - off , " replies ou coach
bob stoops . " if they had a problem with them , they should have said so
before we started . you don ' t get to keep playing until you ' re happy with
the outcome . someone had to lose . we ' ve scored over thirty - five points
many times . "
a & m has sent lawyers , farmers , and those guys in the funny boots as well as
that damn dog down to kyle field , where the scoreboard will be tested . " we
are confident that when the points are re - totaled , we will be the winner of
the game , " says slocum .
ou also points out that in many games prior to this one , the same end zones
were used . " they didn ' t have a problem with the end zones until they lost , "
says stoops .
outside of kyle field , a & m student protesters have gathered outside bearing
signs such as , " a & m wants a fair game ! whoooooop ! " students ' thoughts
echoed their signs . " all we want is a fair total of the points before we
declare a winner , " says student karen hays , an aggie from marfa . " we need
to proceed cautiously and not rush to judgment before we declare a winner . "
abc , around 2 : 00 pm central time , had mistakenly declared a & m the winner ,
despite the slim 3 point lead the aggies held at that point . at about 2 : 30
pm , with the game still too close to call , abc had to back off its
prediction .
college football analyst brent musburger made the call . " we felt that with
a number of points still not added in by jamaar tombs and the aggies , we
were certain a & m would carry this game . we may have been premature in our
prediction . "
gig ' em
- jenkens & gilchrist e - mail confidentiality notice -
this transmission may be : ( 1 ) subject to the attorney - client privilege , ( 2 )
an attorney work product , or ( 3 ) strictly confidential . if you are not the
intended recipient of this message , you may not disclose , print , copy or
disseminate this information . if you have received this in error , please
reply and notify the sender ( only ) and delete the message . unauthorized
interception of this e - mail is a violation of federal criminal law .
susan steely
project : promotions
p . o . box 570728
houston , tx 77257
713 . 784 . 4020
713 . 784 . 4716 fax