Subject: implementation of the gas message board application
please see the following instructions for the new messenging board . if you
have any trouble entering into this site , please let me know . everyone
should now be setup and ready to go . you will have to add this site to one of
your favorites .
the gas message board application can run on both ie 5 . 0 and ie 5 . 5 now .
attached is the url for user to run the application .
http : / / gasmsgboard . dev . corp . enron . com
please feel free to forward above url to people who like to test the
application .
here is the steps they should do :
1 ) launch internet explorer
2 ) type : http : / / gasmsgboard . dev . corp . enron . com ( or just open this email and
click on above url )
3 ) users should see the messages if there is any new messages for today . if
they don ' t see any messages , there are two reasons :
( 1 ) they are not valid users . their names have not been added into the nt
web _ gastraders group yet . please contact chrysti hardy to add their names
into the group .
( 2 ) there is no new messages added yet .
4 ) click on " comments " button to add messages : there will be a popup window
when user clicks on " comments " button . there are two ways to send the
messages after typing the
messages into the text box :
( 1 ) just simply press enter to send the message . or
( 2 ) click on " send " button to send the message .
5 ) after the message has been sent , the message will be displayed on the main
window immediately , the rest people who are online will get the new message
in less than 30 seconds . this time can be reduced to as less as 1 second .
however , i would not recommend to reduce the time interval less than 10
second . because each time the browser refreshes the screen , the screen will
be blink . users don ' t want the screen blink every second while they read the
messages .
6 ) all messages will be cleaned up daily at 6 : 00 pm . if they like to clean
them up later than 6 : 00 pm , please let me know . i can reset the time .
note : right now the application is under test environment . if they like it , i
will move it into production environment soon .
let me know any feedbacks .
thanks ,
fangming