Subject: take 30 % off with our super ticket !
use our super savings ticket at foot locker , lady foot locker , kids
foot locker , champs sports stores and at our web sites !
welcome to our friends & family super savings ticket .
use the special ticket below and receive 30 % off your purchase either in our
stores or on our web sites . hurry ! this three - day ticket only is good
thursday , jan . 25 , through saturday , jan 27 .
share the savings today and e - mail this offer to friends and family . many
items already are reduced and the discount is taken off the lowest sale price .
click below to print your friends & family super savings ticket . you must
bring the coupon to the store to redeem .
ready , set , save !
simply click on the links provided and our friends & family discount will
automatically appear at checkout or you can type the code into the promotion
box during checkout . and returns are hassle - free , either to one of our stores
or through the mail .
footlocker . com coupon code : em 21 f 2 jl
ladyfootlocker . com coupon code : em 23 ffjl
kidsfootlocker . com coupon code : em 22 ffjl
champssports . com coupon code : em 20 ffjl
don ' t be left out - register today , if you want to hear about our products ,
promotions , events and other specials - just click below to join .
* terms and conditions *
valid 1 / 25 / 01 through 1 / 27 / 01 . passport must be presented at the time of
purchase and cannot be used in conjunction with any other discount offer or
associate benefit . not redeemable for cash . applicable taxes must be paid by
the bearer . cannot be applied to prior purchases or to gift card purchases .
void if copied and where prohibited , licensed or regulated . catalog
exclusions apply . not valid at the nfl team shop at nfl experience in tampa ,
fl . discount does not apply to nike air force 1 , timberland field boots ,
jordan xi , nike shox and nfl super bowl products .
if you do not wish to receive future emails please click below to
unsubscribe :
