Subject: houston getaways
houston fare sale
purchase at delta . com by january 30
hello mr farmer !
take advantage of some great low fares from both hobby and bush
intercontinental to select u . s . cities . and because travel on these fares can
also originate in other cities , let friends and family know how inexpensive a
visit to houston can be . see the list of cities and fares below .
- - these fares require a 14 - day advance purchase .
- - tickets must be purchased at delta . com by january 30 , 2001 .
- - travel must be completed by march 31 , 2001 .
- - travel between houston and cities in florida is not permitted on february
16 , 23 and 25 , 2001 .
for additional information and to purchase a ticket :
http : / / www . delta . com / servlet / acredirect ? rdid = 2454 max . stay 30 days .
fare validity : fares are valid in the economy ( coach ) cabin on delta / delta
connection / delta express flights only .
changes / standby : all fares are nonrefundable . prior to departure : value of
fare may be applied to any applicable published delta fare less a $ 75 service
charge ( $ 50 for delta express ) . after departure : changes may be made for $ 75
( $ 50 for delta express ) as long as rule requirements are satisfied . special
offers issued on delta . com may not be applied to other web fares . credit
vouchers cannot be used for payment for tickets purchased on delta . com . same
day standby is allowed .
taxes / fees : fares do not include passenger facility charge ( s ) of up to $ 18 .
miscellaneous : fares are subject to change without notice . other restrictions
may apply . it is the responsibility of the passenger to be in possession of
all necessary documentation ( e . g . , valid passport , visa where applicable ) at
the time of departure from origin . this offer is void where prohibited by
law . third party purchases of tickets are not permitted on delta . com . the
credit card holder making the purchase must be a traveling passenger or have
the same last name of at least one passenger . these fees are the
responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time of ticketing .
subscribe / unsubscribe
you have received this e - mail because your e - mail preferences indicate you
would like to receive information about cities contained in this email . to
modify your e - mail options , or unsubscribe from this service , please visit
the following link and enter your skymiles account number and pin . you will
then be able to update your preferences in our e - mail programs section .
copyright information
this e - mail message and its contents are copyrighted and are
proprietary products of delta air lines , inc . any unauthorized
use , reproduction , or transfer of this message or its contents ,
in any medium , is strictly prohibited .
this is a post only e - mail . please do not respond to this message .
