Subject: weekly fan fares
delta fan fares for february 3 - february 6 , 2001
hello mr farmer !
welcome to this week ' s version of delta fan fares . for the uninitiated , it ' s
an incredible e - mail program for delta customers who want to get away from it
all and enjoy events and activities in cities across the country .
before you start packing , remember that you ' ll need your skymiles number ,
2341930101 , to take advantage of this exclusive online offer . these fares
are for round - trip travel with a saturday departure and a return on either
monday or tuesday .
from this week ' s list , find a trip that you can ' t afford to miss . then follow
this link to purchase your delta ticket online :
professional basketball
purchase a fan fare and support your favorite basketball team on the road
this coming weekend .
charlotte at phoenix
- - charlotte , nc ( clt ) phoenix , az ( phx ) - $ 178
cleveland at boston
- - cleveland , oh ( cle ) boston , ma ( bos ) - $ 128
denver at washington
- - denver , co ( den ) washington national , dc ( dca ) - $ 168
indiana at milwaukee
- - indianapolis , in ( ind ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 88
new york at miami
- - new york - kennedy , ny ( jfk ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 148
golden state at dallas
- - oakland , ca ( oak ) dallas - fort worth , tx ( dfw ) - $ 168
portland at los angeles ( clippers )
- - portland , or ( pdx ) los angeles , ca ( lax ) - $ 138
seattle at utah
- - seattle , wa ( sea ) salt lake city , ut ( slc ) - $ 128
professional hockey
the all - star game is in denver this sunday . come see the league ' s best
players heat up the ice .
- - idaho falls , id ( ida ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 118
- - los angeles , ca ( lax ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138
- - portland , or ( pdx ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138
- - sacramento , ca ( smf ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138
- - salt lake city , ut ( slc ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 108
- - seattle , wa ( sea ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 148
senior pga tour
action moves to the royal caribbean classic at crandon park golf club in key
biscayne , florida . enjoy some golf while spending the weekend in the south
florida sun .
- - new york - kennedy , ny ( jfk ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 148
- - tallahassee , fl ( tlh ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 118
arts and entertainment
fan fares gives you the chance to spend some time in a city you might not
otherwise visit . this weekend , enjoy yourself in milwaukee .
travel to milwaukee
a friendly city with a decidedly sophisticated air , this midwestern gem
offers plenty of art and cultural events , nightlife , and beautiful lakeside
parks . and there ' s plenty to do indoors in milwaukee , so don ' t let the
february weather keep you away .
in addition to the professional basketball action on saturday night ( indiana
comes to town to play milwaukee ) , here ' s a few other ideas to get your
planning started .
the haggerty museum of art
located on the western end of downtown on the marquette university campus ,
the museum ' s collection includes works by dali , chagall and man ray . you ' ll
also find an impressive collection of sculpture and contemporary glass .
the milwaukee public museum
this museum of human and natural history is one of the nation ' s best and
often sets the standard for similar institutions . everyone in the family will
enjoy the engaging exhibits . you ' ll find 150 , 000 square feet of exhibit
space , through which you ' ll be able to visit all of the world ' s continents .
find the museum and the humphrey imax dome theater at 800 west wells street .
- - atlanta , ga ( atl ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128
- - birmingham , al ( bhm ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128
- - charleston , sc ( chs ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138
- - cincinnati , oh ( cvg ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 98
- - huntsville , al ( hsv ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128
- - jackson , ms ( jan ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138
- - jacksonville , fl ( jax ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138
- - lexington , ky ( lex ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 108
- - little rock , ar ( lit ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128
- - macon , ga ( mcn ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138
- - montgomery , al ( mgm ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138
- - nashville , tn ( bna ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 118
- - new york - la guardia , ny ( lga ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138
- - pensacola , fl ( pns ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138
- - washington - national , dc ( dca ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128
your weekend starts here !
want to take advantage of any of these great delta fan fares ? click below !
delta reservations
to make delta reservations from delta ' s home page , visit :
fares do not include a $ 2 . 75 federal excise tax which will be imposed on each
flight segment of your itinerary . a flight segment is defined as a takeoff
and a landing .
service : some services may be provided by the delta connection carriers :
atlantic coast jet , atlantic southeast airlines , comair and skywest .
terms and conditions
restrictions : seats are limited and fares may not be available on all days or
all flights .
purchase requirements : fares must be purchased via delta ' s web site
( delta . com ) only .
ticketing period : tickets must be purchased by 02 / 03 / 01 .
travel period : outbound travel is permitted on saturday 02 / 03 / 01 only .
inbound travel is permitted on monday 02 / 05 / 01 or tuesday 02 / 06 / 01 only .
blackout dates : none .
minimum / maximum stay : minimum stay : saturday night . maximum stay : 3 days .
fare validity : fares are valid in the economy ( coach ) cabin on delta / delta
connection / delta express . all fares are round trip .
changes / upgrades / standby : all fares are nonrefundable . changes - prior to
departure : value of fare may be applied to any applicable published delta
fare less a $ 75 service charge . after departure : no changes are permitted .
special offers issued on delta ' s web site may not be applied to other web
fares on delta . com . credit vouchers cannot be used for payment for tickets
purchased on delta . com . same day standby is allowed .
taxes / fees : fares do not include government imposed transportation taxes and
other applicable fees , including segment fees ( $ 2 . 75 per segment ) , and
passenger facility charge ( s ) of up to $ 18 . these fees are the responsibility
of the passenger and must be paid at the time of ticketing .
miscellaneous : fares are subject to change without notice . other restrictions
may apply .
subscribe / unsubscribe
you have received this e - mail because your e - mail preferences indicate you
would like to receive delta fan fares information . to modify your e - mail
options , or unsubscribe from this service , please visit the following link
and enter your skymiles account number and pin . you will then be able to
update your preferences in our e - mail programs section .
copyright information
this e - mail message and its contents are copyrighted and are
proprietary products of delta air lines , inc . any unauthorized
use , reproduction , or transfer of this message or its contents ,
in any medium , is strictly prohibited .
this is a post only e - mail . please do not respond to this message .
