Subject: = ? ansi _ x 3 . 4 - 1968 ? q ? new _ employee _ service _ = 01 ) _ turbo _ tax ? =
as tax season rapidly approaches , we are pleased to announce a new w - 2
employee service . if you plan to file your personal income taxes through
turbotax 2000 ( intuit ' s personal tax filing software ) you will be able to
automatically download your w - 2 information into the appropriate turbotax
forms directly over the internet for free .
enron has chosen to provide this service to help speed the processing time
and accuracy of your return while supporting paperless processing .
more information regarding this service is listed below or visit
www . probusinesstaxes . com to find out more about the turbotax software and
web - based filing service .
employee fact sheet : probusiness / intuit w - 2 service
q . what is the automated tax return ( atr ) service ?
a . intuit inc . , makers of the popular quicken turbotax tax preparation and
filing software , have launched a new automated tax return ( atr ) service to
simplify tax preparation for turbotax users . atr allows users of turbotax tax
preparation and filing software to import tax information from multiple
sources such as employers , brokerage houses , and mutual fund companies
directly into the correct turbotax forms over the internet . since our
payroll tax provider , probusiness , has partnered with intuit to provide this
service , you will be able to electronically download your individual w - 2 data
from probusiness directly into turbotax through the internet for free . also ,
as part of this program , you can receive a 5 % discount on all turbotax and
quicken products including shipping and handling ( go to
www . probusinesstaxes . com for more information ) .
q . so how does it work ?
a . embedded in each version of turbotax 2000 ( both the software and web
application ) is a series of screens that will ask whether your employer
allows you to automatically download your data into turbotax . to use the
free service , simply answer " yes " then select our payroll tax provider ,
probusiness , from a drop - down list of providers which includes probusiness ,
peoplesoft , ceridian , and seemyw 2 . com . validate your request by entering
your social security number and w - 2 box one data and your w - 2 data will
automatically transfer via the internet into the appropriate locations in the
turbotax form .
q . is this a secure transaction ?
a . intuit  , s turbotax atr service combines open financial exchange ( ofx ) , the
standard technology used in e - finance , with 128 - bit military - grade encryption
to create an advanced security protocol that ensures the highest level of
security and confidentiality when obtaining financial data to populate your
turbotax form over the internet .
q . how do i participate in this program ?
a . only employees using intuit  , s turbotax 2000 tax preparation and filing
software can take advantage of this web - based atr service . turbotax software
and the atr web - based filing service can be accessed at
www . probusinesstaxes . com .
q . what if i already own turbotax 2000  ( does this still work ?
a . yes , all copies of turbotax 2000 contain the automated tax return service
option .
q . overall what are the benefits to me ?
a . using the atr service provided by intuit and probusiness , you can :
? increase your probability of accurate filing .
? eliminate the need to manually enter your w - 2 information and other
financial data .
? increase the overall speed of tax filing .