Subject: organizational announcement
enron global markets ended the year with a great deal of momentum and with
very high expectations for 2001 . in order to better focus and expand the
various businesses within global markets , we are pleased to announce the
following organizational changes .
crude and products
this group is being re - organized into product lines in order to better focus
and maximize coverage and increase our market - making abilities . the
following individuals leading these groups report directly to john nowlan .
global crude oil
don schroeder and bill white will manage our global crude oil books . don  , s
emphasis will be on the development and expansion of our physical crude
positions both domestically and abroad . bill will manage the various
financial crude positions globally and will focus on developing these books .
distillate
chris mahoney will have responsibility of all distillate positions . chris
will focus on developing our global distillate strategy , building the
business both physically and financially .
global fuel oil
niamh clarke will expand her role managing our global fuel oil and resid
positions . emphasis will be placed on re - establishing enron in the financial
fuel market in the us and developing a physical fuel strategy .
global gasoline and components
jim goughary will assume responsibility for our global gasoline and
components business . following up on our expansion into the european market
in 2000 , we look forward to jim expanding our presence in the us as well as
asian markets .
global lpg
erik hansen and adam gross will be responsible for the development and
execution of our global lpg trading and strategy . under their guidance we
look to expand our presence into the asian pacific markets , as well as
continuing to grow our us and european operations .
petrochemical and plastics
stuart bland and douglas friedman will be responsible for the continued
development and growth of our petrochemical and plastics business . they will
work to further expand both our physical and financial presence in these
markets .
fuel management
doug leach will continue in his role developing our fuel management business
as well as other long - term structural transactions .
global origination
randy maffett has joined the group to lead , develop and grow all global
origination activities for the group . randy  , s most recent assignment was in
restructuring several equity investments for ena .
enron freight
this new group under the leadership of dan reck is developing a business in
the inter - modal transportation area in the united states . shawn cumberland
has joined this group to lead and expand the origination opportunities in
this business . shawn  , s most recent assignment was as coo of the calme region .
global risk management
jere overdyke has elected to leave enron after almost 10 years of service .
per sekse will take over the leadership of this very exciting and growing
business . per is located in enron  , s new york office but will be spending a
significant amount of his time in houston .
we look forward to this year and feel the above changes will provide the
focus and momentum we need to deliver a record performance in 2001 .
please congratulate everyone on their new assignments .