Subject: organizational changes
enron is forming a new organization - - the enron xcelerator - - to drive the
formation and development of new businesses at enron . enron ' s unique ability
to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth over the
years . lou l . pai , currently chairman and ceo of enron energy services , will
lead the xcelerator . over his years at enron , lou has been key to the
creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas , wholesale power and energy
service businesses . the existing business units will continue their
development of core businesses , while the xcelerator will be responsible for
developing new business opportunities that are natural extensions of enron ' s
business model and core skills , but not currently under development elsewhere
in enron .
dave delainey , currently president and ceo of enron americas , will become
chairman and ceo of enron energy services . dave brings a wealth of
experience and accomplishment from enron wholesale services ' businesses where
he led the growth of our canadian business and our north american origination
activity and , most recently , had a great year in enron americas .
dave is forming an office of the chairman in ees . joining dave in the office
of the chairman are dan leff , president of ees , global energy services , and
marty sunde , president of ees , global marketing and services . dan and marty
have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful ees
business model . also joining the office of the chairman of ees is janet
dietrich as chief operating officer . janet , currently is managing director
in enron americas , where she has been successful in many of enron wholesale ' s
core businesses , including gas trading , risk management and structural
origination . tom white will continue as vice chairman of ees and will focus
on the development and expansion of ees ' customer relationships . lou , tom ,
dan , marty and the entire ees organization have developed a great business
model with great growth prospects . ees has become an essential part of
enron ' s market valuation and growth story . this new leadership structure
will enable ees to continue on its path of sustained growth and increasing
profitability .
john lavorato will succeed dave as president and ceo of enron americas . john
has been an essential part of enron ' s energy trading success over the years
and is a key part of enron wholesale services ' continuing success story .
joining john is louise kitchen , currently president and ceo of enron
networks . louise , who accelerated enron ' s outstanding growth with the
deployment of enrononline , will take over as chief operating officer of enron
americas .
philippe bibi , currently chief operating officer of enron networks will take
over as president and ceo of enron networks . under philippe ' s leadership ,
enron has become a technology leader and the leading e - commerce company .
joining philippe as chief operating officer is greg piper , currently managing
director of enron networks . greg currently leads enron network ' s origination
activity and was responsible for the creation and deployment of clickpaper ,
enron ' s successful online pulp and paper marketplace .
please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their
achievements and their new responsibilities .