Subject: fw : contemporary poetry
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : paul billingsly [ mailto : 1 pb @ prodigy . net ]
sent : thursday , february 22 , 2001 12 : 49 pm
to : ward ; tim pyles ; tim stephen wilson ; selman ; scott
starnes ; rusty glover ; ron moore ; romberger ; robert canright ; richard
beasley ; quentin mimms ; randall bean ; monte and jennifer mann ; mike
berryman ; michael willoughby ; michael dixon ; matt oualline ; kellly
parker ; john jordan ; john hendry ; jeff weyandt ; jeff mileger ; jack
mimms ; hopkins , rockwell ; gary calvert ; fred raines ; fagen ; kent smith ;
mike _ d _ p ; palmer weyandt ; roy hale ; eddie herring ; david w cathey ; david
ashmore ; dan holcomb ; alan carson
subject : contemporary poetry
guys ,
just thought you might find this interesting . ? i was forwarded this
poem , and told it was written by a high school student in az .
regardless , of who / where ( not the point ) i find it interesting , weirdly
amusing , and frighteningly fairly accurate . - pb
now i sit me down in school
where praying is against the rule
for this great nation under god
finds mention of him very odd .
if scripture now the class recites ,
it violates the bill of rights .
and anytime my head i bow
becomes a federal matter now .
our hair can be purple , orange or green ,
that ' s no offense , it ' s a freedom scene .
the law is specific , the law is precise .
prayers spoken aloud are a serious vice .
for praying in a public hall
might offend someone with no faith at all .
in silence alone we must meditate ,
god ' s name is prohibited by the state .
we ' re allowed to cuss and dress like freaks ,
and pierce our noses , tongues and cheeks .
they ' ve outlawed guns , but first the bible .
to quote the good book makes me liable .
we can elect a pregnant senior queen ,
and the ' unwed daddy , ' our senior king .
it ' s " inappropriate " to teach right from wrong ,
we ' re taught that such " judgments " do not belong .
we can get our condoms and birth controls ,
study witchcraft , vampires and totem poles .
but the ten commandments are not allowed ,
no word of god must reach this crowd .
it ' s scary here i must confess ,
when chaos reigns the school ' s a mess .
so , lord , this silent plea i make ,
should i be shot ; my soul please take !
new contact numbers :
paul billingsly lpb @ prodigy . net
o . 972 / 396 - 1002
f . ? 972 / 396 - 1954
m . 214 / 878 - 8767
475 w . blondy jhune
lucas , texas ? 75002
?
- paul billingsly . vcf