Subject: fw : [ fwd : two prayer requests ]
please respond to
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : dennis dossey [ mailto : top @ treatyoakpress . com ]
sent : thursday , march 15 , 2001 12 : 52 am
to : sherry casella ; ram tackett ; karen boundary = " - - - - = _ nextpart _ 000 _ 0008 _ 01 coad 2 f . a 3 f 34070 "
x - mailer : microsoft outlook cws , build 9 . 0 . 2416 ( 9 . 0 . 2911 . 0 )
x - mimeole : produced by microsoft mimeole v 5 . 50 . 4133 . 2400
dear christian friends ,
greetings in the name of our lord jesus !
we have two very urgent prayer requests . our dear friend and a brother , david gatewood , the son of late otis gatewood , has been recently diagnosed a pancreas cancer . david and his wife sandy were two of the first people who introduced dragica and me to christ and his church over thirty years ago . in 1969 they came to croatia ( yugoslavia at that time ) , as missionaries , with another couple , bud and beverly pickl . in order to get their resident visas , they enrolled in a croatian language study program . i was their professor at that time , and we became very good and close friends . david and sandy have been connected with the lord ? s work in croatia for all these years . before leaving croatia in 1972 , they adopted a little croatian girl , whom they raised with much love . she is a married woman now , and lives in colorado springs . david and sandy made several trips to croatia during the war , and david taught seminars on post - war traumatic experiences and the value of a family . your prayers will be greatly appreciated by many in croatia who love david dearly .
also , please , put me ( mladen ) on your prayer list . for several months now i ? ve been having some prostate problems . ten days ago my doctor requested a biopsy , and i am anxiously waiting to get the results this coming monday . dragica and i believe god listens and hears prayers of his people .
please , join the church in croatia with your prayers .
yours in his love and mercy ,
malden and dragica jovanovic