Subject: spring savings certificate - take 30 % off
save 30 % when you use our customer appreciation spring savings
certificate at foot locker , lady foot locker , kids foot locker and at
our online stores !
welcome to our customer appreciation spring savings certificate !
use the special certificate below and receive 30 % off your purchases either in our stores or online . hurry ! this 4 - day sale begins thursday , march 22 and ends sunday , march 25 .
share the savings today and e - mail this offer to your friends . many items already are reduced and the 30 % discount is taken off the lowest sale price .
click below to print your customer appreciation spring savings certificate . you must present this coupon at any foot locker , lady foot locker or kids foot locker store in the u . s . foot locker canada is not participating in this program .
ready , set , save !
our spring savings discount will automatically appear when you use the links below or type camlem 21 into the promotion code box during checkout .
footlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21
ladyfootlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21
kidsfootlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21
remember , returns are hassle - free . simply bring your items to any of our stores nationwide or through the mail .
don ' t be left out - register today to learn about our new products , promotions , events and other specials . simply click below .
terms and conditions . some exclusions apply , please see manager for complete details . certificate must be presented at the time of purchase and cannot be used in conjunction with any other discount offer or associate benefit . not redeemable for cash . applicable taxes must be paid by bearer . cannot be applied to prior purchases or to gift card purchases . void where prohibited , licensed or regulated . catalog exclusions apply . valid thursday , 3 / 22 / 01 through sunday , 3 / 25 / 01 . foot locker canada will not participate in this program .
if you do not wish to receive future emails please click below to
unsubscribe :
