Subject: enron announcement
car rental options for enron travelers
rental car contracts for 2001 have been awarded to :
national car rental ( primary ) and alamo rent - a - car ( secondary ) .
the intent of these agreements is to consolidate and leverage enron ' s total car rental spend to achieve the most favorable rates and non - pricing provisions ( i . e . insurance ) .
national car rental , due to its service levels , availability and total value proposition , has been awarded primary status and is recommended as the first choice for enron travelers ' needs .
alamo rent - a - car , a sister company to national , has been awarded a contract reflecting a secondary status , due to its service levels , availability and low cost solutions . alamo is recommended as an alternative to national , where available .
when you rent a vehicle in the united states , ( including puerto rico ) or canada , the following insurance provisions are included , regardless of rate selected :
1 . l / dw ( loss / damage waiver ) - this is what is called comprehensive or collision on your personal auto . it covers the rental vehicle and pays for any damage to it .
2 . liability - this covers people and property outside the rental vehicle . for both national and alamo , the coverage is $ 100 , 000 per person , $ 300 , 000 per occurrence and $ 50 , 000 for property damage .
* * important * * *
these coverages apply regardless of rate selected , as long as the following contract id is communicated at the time of reservation and rental is recorded on the transaction rental agreement . ( national - 5000838 alamo - # 143974 )
to enjoy the highest levels of service while renting a vehicle from enron ' s preferred suppliers , it is recommended that each traveler enroll in national ' s and alamo ' s preferred traveler programs . national ' s emerald club membership and alamo ' s quicksilver program are designed to speed the transaction time by providing services such as counter bypass and rapid return . the enrollment fees for these programs have been waived for enron travelers . enrollment packets will be mailed to the addresses of enron american express t & e cardholders . you may also find an enrollment form on the enron travel program intranet @ gss . enron . com .
if you have any questions or comments , please contact jeff leath at 713 - 646 - 6165 .