Subject: freedom ? ? ?
bammelyoungfamilies
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
start your own free email list at http : / / www . listbot . com / links / joinlb
this is a statement that was read over the pa system at the football game
at roane county high school , kingston , tennessee by school principal jody
mcloud , on september 1 , 2000 . i thought it was worth sharing with the
world , and hope you will forward it to all your friends . it clearly shows
just how far this country has gone in the wrong direction .
" it has always been the custom at roane county high school football games
to say a prayer and play the national anthem to honor god and country .
due to a recent ruling by the supreme court , i am told that saying a prayer
is a violation of federal case law .
as i understand the law at this time , i can use this public facility to
approve of sexual perversion and call it an alternate lifestyle , and if
someone is offended , that ' s ok .
i can use it to condone sexual promiscuity by dispensing condoms and
calling it safe sex . if someone is offended , that ' s ok .
i can even use this public facility to present the merits of killing an
unborn baby as a viable means of birth control . if someone is offended , no
problem .
i can designate a school day as earth day and involve students in
activities to religiously worship and praise the goddess , mother earth ,
and call it ecology .
i can use literature , videos and presentations in the classroom that depict
people with strong , traditional christian convictions as simple minded and
ignorant and call it enlightenment .
however , if anyone uses this facility to honor god and ask him to bless
this event with safety and good sportsmanship , federal case law is
violated .
this appears to be inconsistent at best , and at worst , diabolical .
apparently , we are to be tolerant of everything and anyone except god and
his commandments .
nevertheless , as a school principal , i frequently ask staff and students to
abide by rules which they do not necessarily agree . for me to do otherwise
would be inconsistent at best , and at worst , hypocritical . i suffer from
that affliction enough unintentionally . i certainly do not need to add an
intentional transgression .
for this reason , i shall , " render unto caesar that which is caesar ' s , " and
refrain from praying at this time . however , if you feel inspired to honor ,
praise and thank god , and ask him in the name of jesus to bless this event ,
please feel free to do so . as far as i know , that ' s not against the law -
yet . "
and . . . one by one , the people in the stands bowed their heads , held hands
with one another , and began to pray . they prayed in the stands . they prayed
in the team huddles . they prayed at the concession stand . and they prayed
in the announcer ' s box . the only place they didn ' t pray was in the supreme
court of the united states of america - the seat of " justice " in the one
nation under god .
somehow , kingston , tennessee , remembered what so many have forgotten . . . we
are given the freedom of religion , not the freedom from religion .
praise god that his remnant remains !
let ' s celebrate jesus in 2001
jesus said , " if you are ashamed of me , i will be ashamed of you before my
father . "
- - - - - - - - -
if you are not ashamed , pass this on . . . but only if you mean it .
yes , i do love god . he is my source of existence and savior . he keeps me
functioning each and every day . without him , i will be nothing . without
him , i am nothing but with him , i can do all things through christ that
strengthens me . phil 4 : 13
geoff gayle
synergy oil & gas , inc .
office : ( 713 ) 461 - 6626 x . 113
fax : ( 713 ) 461 - 4475
email : ggayle @ synergyog . com
to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com