Subject: re : hpl transport contracts
thanks
keep you posted .
bob
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : farmer , daren j .
sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 1 : 27 pm
to : hall , bob m ; wynne , rita
cc : dudley , cheryl ; graves , melissa ; weissman , george ; camp , howard
subject : re : hpl transport contracts
on oasis and pgev , we have been buying and selling as hpl . however , we have been transporting the gas under ena . this is primarily for spot and base deals . we want to keep these transport contracts with ena . the only term deal we have at waha is to tufco ( 0 - 60 , 000 / day ) . this deal is under ena with it ' s own firm transport contract ( now on guadalupe pipeline , which was previously teco / pgev ) . the sale and transport will go with hpl . the sale to entex off of oasis ( currently under the ena , will be assigned to hpl ) must be served off of oasis . so hpl will need to acquire an oasis contract for this deal . let me know if you have any more questions .
d
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : hall , bob m
sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 1 : 13 pm
to : wynne , rita
cc : dudley , cheryl ; graves , melissa ; weissman , george ; camp , howard ; farmer , daren j .
subject : re : hpl transport contracts
i would think that the first contract should go the aep . ena won ' t be selling to equistar
off of channel for at least three months . ena will have to get a transport agreement with
hpl or channel .
on the second contract : is hpl making the sale or ena ? is it a sale that is going
to aep . i know we are serving a small entex point off of oasis . is that for convenience ,
can hpl sever the point some other way ?
someone let me hear what you think .
thanks
bob
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : wynne , rita
sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 8 : 17 am
to : hall , bob m
cc : dudley , cheryl ; graves , melissa
subject : hpl transport contracts
i spoke with daren and there are a few contracts that he was aware of :
1 . channel - 012 - 15600 - 02 - 069 ena using hpl ' s capacity - selling to equistar on channel
2 . oasis and pgev - hpl is using ena ' s capacity
3 . tejas ship and tejas gas - daren says we don ' t do business often on these pipes as ena , but we always have the possibility that we will at any time , so ena would need it ' s own transport contracts
let me know if anyone has questions . thanks !