Subject: associate & analyst mid - year 2001 prc process
to all supervisors of associates and analysts
the associates and analysts will be divided into 4 final ranking meetings for the mid - year 2001 prc . these meetings are scheduled as follows :
ees associate & analyst final meeting - june 8
ebs associate & analyst final meeting - june 19
ews / others * associate & analyst final meeting - june 25
ea associate & analyst final meeting - july 9
* ( ews / others includes associates and analysts from ews , egm , apachi , calme , corp , ecm , eim , eip , enw , esa , ets , eott , hpl , pge , ewc , japan , and enroncredit ) .
the associates and analysts will be ranked within the following peer groups :
analyst 1 - analysts with up to one year of service ( hired between 3 / 1 / 00 and 2 / 28 / 01 )
analyst 2 - analysts with greater than one year of service ( hired prior to 3 / 1 / 00 )
associate - all associates hired prior to 3 / 1 / 01
associate and analyst ranking process
analysts and associates hired on or after 3 / 1 / 01 , will receive feedback only , all others will receive both a prc ranking and feedback .
each business unit supervisor will be responsible for providing a pre - ranking to the prc rep . the prc reps have access to the consolidated feedback for each assigned associate and analyst . please be sure that you have met with the assigned prc rep prior to the final associate and analyst meeting for your business unit . ( your business unit hr department may choose to set up pre - ranking meetings - check with your hr representative ) . the final ranking for each analyst an associate will be determined through a cross calibration in each of the final meetings . in these final meetings , the analysts and associates will be represented by a prc rep from their business unit who should be familiar with their accomplishments .
associate and analyst prc reps
please refer to the attached spreadsheet for a list of associates and analysts who will be ranked in these meetings and their prc reps .
contact me at extension 35230 if you have any additional questions .
terry bosien
hr manager , associate and analyst program