Subject: nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting
saddle up for nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting
" deep in the heart of texas "
september 9 - 11 , 2001
hyatt regency hill country resort
san antonio , texas
the annual meeting planning committee has put together an outstanding
program for your review . it is attached below in an adobe acrobat pdf file
- if you have problems with the attachment please call nesa / hea
headquarters at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 and we ' ll mail or fax a copy out immediately .
general session topics include :
* will tomorrow ' s restructured electric infrastructure support
tomorrow ' s economy ?
* power deregulation panel : developer / ipp , utility / transmission , power
marketer , government , retail
* power demand
* the state of the energy industry
* new political administration - impact on energy policy and
environment
networking opportunities :
* opening reception - sunday , september 9
* golf tournament & tours of area attractions - monday , september 10
the hyatt regency hill country resort has a limited block of rooms available
for nesa / hea members and guests - be sure to check page 6 for lodging
information and make your reservation as soon as possible .
we hope that you take this opportunity to meet with your colleagues and
customers in this relaxing yet professional environment to exchange ideas on
matters of importance covering a broad spectrum of subjects . the annual
meeting agenda includes timely issues presented by knowledgeable industry
leaders who will discuss formidable and thought provoking issues affecting
the energy industry today .
please take a moment to review the attached brochure . nesa / hea encourages
and appreciates you taking the time to pass the brochure on to industry
personnel who would benefit from participating at this conference .
nesa / hea ' s 24 th annual meeting
educating the energy professional
to unsubscribe from the nesa / hea member email blast list please respond to
this email with the word unsubscribe typed into the subject field . this
will preclude you from receiving any email blasts in the future , but hard
copies of the material will be sent to your attention .
>
- 512 _ nesa 2001 annlmtgjam . pdf