Subject: valero rfp and gas data
daren ,
tom martin wanted me to send you this info regarding the valero rfp that janet has as well . gas data is on the excel sheet , rfp in the word document has pipeline interconnects in appendix d . if you have any questions , don ' t hesitate to call me .
thanks ,
larry jester
enron power marketing inc .
phone : 713 - 853 - 5266
fax : 713 - 646 - 8272
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : jester , larry
sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 9 : 39 am
to : wallis , janet h .
cc : ahn , chris
subject : fw : valero ' s confidential natural gas consumption data
janet ,
i ' m working with chris on the valero rfp . here is the 2000 data for valero ' s gas consumption . david dyck at valero did indicate that they would prefer one single supplier for the corpus christi # 2 facility in particular .
thanks ,
larry jester
enron power marketing inc .
phone : 713 - 853 - 5266
fax : 713 - 646 - 8272
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 3 cdyckd + 40 valero + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]
sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 8 : 12 am
to : jester , larry ; buerkle , jim
subject : valero ' s confidential natural gas consumption data
larry and jim ,
thank you for expressing your interest in responding to valero energy
corporation ' s request for proposals for natural gas supplies . please find
attached a file containing daily consumption data for most of valero ' s
major facilities in texas , california and new jersey . certain other smaller
accounts such as valero ' s asphalt plants in california and texas are not
represented at this time . in lieu of daily data for these accounts , valero
intends to provide summary level data in the near future . daily data for
the clearlake methanol plant will be provided at a later date when it
becomes available . in the meantime , please refer to the rfp for the summary
data and associated discussion regarding the market environment for
domestic methanol production .
please treat the provided data as confidential per the confidentiality
agreement executed between valero and your company . power use data has been
sent via overnight mail . as questions arise , please send them to my
attention .
thanks ,
dave
( see attached file : valero _ facilities _ natgas . xls )
- valero _ facilities _ natgas . xls [ larry jester ]