Subject: announcing outlook web access for houston outlook users
attention : houston - based outlook users
the global messaging team is proud to announce that beginning today , monday july 16 th , houston - based enron employees that have been migrated to outlook will be able to securely access their enron email from anywhere on the web . this means that if you can get on to the internet , you can access your enron email with outlook web access ( owa ) without having to dial in to enron ' s network . please note that this is not available to those users still on lotus notes but will be available once they are migrated to outlook .
once on the internet , type mail . enron . com in your browser address window and supply your enron network logon credentials as username and password . for example :
username : jdoe 4
password : * * * * * * * *
once you log in , outlook web access opens your enron email mailbox . outlook web access ( owa ) allows you to send and receive mail , perform calendar tasks and manage your mail and contacts , as well as access your mailbox folders . at this time , public folders are not accessible via owa . please keep in mind that outlook web access is a browser - based version of what you might use in the office , so the functionality may be slightly different and some features of outlook 2000 may not be available at all . additionally , owa is only supported using internet explorer 5 . x only and not supported with netscape .
outlook web access is the standard email package for connecting to your enron mail from home , whether you are using an enron - issued home pc , an internet connection with your personal home pc , or your clickathome pc . we will not support the use of the full outlook installation for home use .
outlook web access for remote locations and european / apac enron sites is currently being addressed and will be available soon . at this time , owa is only available if your mailbox resides on a houston mail server .
if you have any questions , please call :
resolution center at x 31411 or
ets solutions center at x 54745