Subject: new enrononline functionality
in order to continually develop and make improvements to the functionality of enrononline we are rolling out several changes tonight , which will be in effect on monday august 20 , 2001 . some of these changes will affect stack manager while others affect the website . a summary of these changes is listed below .
stack manager changes
top of stack limit orders - this feature will allow the price submitted via limit orders to be displayed on the website if their bid or offer is better than the trader ' s stack price . stack manger will list the price and the names of counterparties submitting such orders on the floated stack window . orders will be queued by price and time stamp . when a counterparty trades on a " top of stack entry " it will create back to back transactions ; one between enron and the counterparty submitting the order , and the other between enron and the counterparty clicking on the website .
in order to turn on this functionality select the " allowed top of stack " option , in the orders section of the product properties page . if regular limit order functionality is desired the " allowed " option should be selected .
please note that this feature will be released in a disabled mode and will be turned on sometime next week after determining which business units want to roll this out .
restricted top of stack limit orders - this feature will allow the price submitted only by internal traders via limit orders to be displayed on the website if their bid or offer is better than the trader ' s stack price . stack manger will list price and the names of counterparties submitting such orders on the floated stack window . orders will be queued by price and time stamp . when a counterparty trades on a " top of stack entry " it will create back to back transactions one between enron and the counterparty submitting the order , and the other between enron and the counterparty clicking on the website .
in order to turn on this functionality select the " allowed as restricted top of stack " option , in the orders section of the product properties page . if regular limit order functionality is desired the " allowed " option should be selected . if a product has active orders against it you will not be able to select the " restricted top of stack " feature .
advanced filtering ability on all products tab - drop down filtering capability is now available for each field in the all products tab in stack manager . in order to filter click on the arrow next to the field title . a drop down box with a list of attributes will appear . highlight the attribute by which you wish to filter . to turn off the filter click on the arrow and select the " all " option from the drop down box .
website changes
new submission screen for restricted top of stack limit orders - the submission screen for products that allow top of stack or restricted top of stack limit orders is as follows .
the submit button on the left makes a submission for a normal transaction , while the button on the right will submit as a limit order . in case of the restricted top of stack limit orders only internal traders will see the new submission box .
price of limit orders
modify limit orders
customers now have the ability to modify the price of any active order . in order to do so highlight the order to be modified and use the plus or minus sign next to the price field on at the top of the " today ' s orders " section . the price will move up or down in the same increments as the tick size for that product . once the price is at the desired level click the " set " button and the price will be modified . another way to modify the price on a limit order is to click on the price field on a particular limit order . you will see a box with plus , minus and set buttons that allow you to modify that order .
expiration time for limit orders
customers can now place limit orders with expiration times of up to 30 days . currently they may place orders for only up to 12 hours .
float the today ' s orders section
you can now float the " limit order " section . in order to do so , right click in the " today ' s orders " section and select the float window option . in order to make the window " stay on top " right click on the floated window and select the stay on top option .
mid market client - mid market originators will now have the ability to transact on behalf of their customers , while including their desired margin on the trade , on enrononline products . in order to do so click on the bid or offer price , a customised submission window will appear . select the counterparty for whom you wish to transact from a drop down list , enter the desired customer price and margin and click submit . for example if a customer wants to buy nymex sep 01 at 3 . 36 and you wish to have a 1 cent margin , please enter 3 . 36 as the desired price and 0 . 01 as the margin . the system will trade the order when the enrononline offer for nymex sep 01 is at 3 . 35 , book the trade at 3 . 36 and record the 0 . 01 origination amount .
in order to be set up to use this functionality . please call the enrononline product control group .
changes to website passwords - as an added security measure , which has been requested by many customers , some new password rules have been instituted . first , the password cannot be equal to the login id . second , each user will be prompted to change his password every 90 days . these rules apply to all website passwords for both internal and external users .
please note stack manager changes will be available all traders as of monday august 20 , 2001 . the changes to the website will be rolled out to a few internal users on monday with the rest of the internal users being upgraded monday night , and external users by the end of the week . over the next couple of weeks all users will be prompted to change their website passwords .
if you have any questions regarding these changes please contact me at 713 - 853 - 1787 .
savita puthigai
