Subject: our response to the u . s . tragedy
the tragedy of tuesday , september 11 will serve as an unforgettable reminder to people all over the world of what is truly important and of life ' s fragility . my heartfelt sympathies go out to the families and friends of all the people whose lives were taken in this senseless and horrific attack . i ask that all of you keep our deceased colleague nick humber and his family in your thoughts and prayers . tragically , nick , a director with enron wind , was on one of the planes hijacked on tuesday .
to help with relief efforts in new york and washington , d . c . , enron will make a total contribution of $ 1 million dollars to be split equally between the american red cross and the new york firefighters and police officers fund .
many of you have expressed an interest in more personal involvement and i want you to be aware of some of the options available . i encourage you to support those impacted by this tragedy by donating to relief efforts , and to take advantage of our matching gift program to double the impact of your individual donation . because of the significance of this tragic event , enron will match your contribution 2 for 1 .
how to help
? please go to www . easymatch . com / enron . once there , click on " disaster relief " ( located in the middle of the top of the page ) . please choose from the list of non - profits that are accepting donations to help with this effort . any donations made to aid with disaster relief will not be counted toward the annual $ 15 , 000 matching gift limit . you will need your gis number to do this ( it begins with a 9 ) . if you are unsure of your gis number , please contact the hr gim helpdesk at 713 - 853 - 5666 .
? we will have red , white and blue striped ribbons in houston for employees to pin on their shirts in memory of those who lost their lives , in honor of those who survived , and for their families . donations to the new york firefighters and police officers fund and other organizations are being accepted in exchange for the ribbons . enron will also match these donations . the ribbons are available tomorrow from 9 : 00 - 11 : 00 a . m . at the infozone , which is located by the down escalator in the lobby . for any other employees who would like to make donations , please go to the above website .
? enron employees are generously giving blood , and we will continue to work with relief efforts to ensure that employees who want to give , have the ability to do so . if you have questions , call 713 - 853 - 6100 .
? president bush has declared friday a day of " national prayer and remembrance , " and is calling on americans to use their lunch breaks to go to places of worship to pray for victims and their families . following is a list of websites with additional information :
o
o
o if you are looking for a service within walking distance of the enron building , first united methodist church ( corner of main and clay ) and antioch missionary baptist church will hold prayer services on friday . first united methodist church will have services at 11 : 00 a . m . , noon and 1 : 00 p . m . antioch missionary baptist church will have a service at noon .
o if you are interested in attending a service and don ' t work in this area , please check your local television websites for more information .
? for houston employees , a citywide candlelight vigil will be held on the steps of city hall in downtown houston at 7 p . m . tomorrow night . mayor lee brown will be speaking .
? at 10 : 00 a . m . ( central ) on monday , september 17 th , in enron facilities around the world , we will have a moment of silence in memory of those whose lives have been tragically taken . we ask that you put down the phone , turn away from your computer and dedicate a personal moment of silence together with your co - workers .
? we encourage all u . s . based employees to wear red , white or blue shirts on monday .
for counseling assistance
? for employees in houston , we have an on - site employee assistance counselor in the building that you can reach by calling 713 - 853 - 6057 . if you are not located in houston or if you or a family member would prefer an off - site counselor , you can call the 24 - hour employee assistance program number 1 - 800 - 345 - 1391 .
? employees outside the u . s . can also contact 713 - 853 - 6057 directly . united healthgroup ( enron ' s medical network administrator ) has provided free access to their national disaster line for counseling service to any person . that number is 800 - 268 - 1026 . we are also working to bring crisis counseling to any work location that has a need .
this is an agonizing time for our nation and it is hard for us all . in addition to the financial and human support we are extending to those in need , it is imperative that we at enron continue to safely and reliably serve our customers in the u . s . and around the world . we know it is difficult but we must demonstrate on - going stability and strength at enron , as this will serve as a signal that the ideals upon which america was founded cannot be diminished . again , our hearts go out to the families and friends of those who have lost loved ones in this tragedy . please continue to watch your e - mail for more information .