Subject: re : waha hubco
waha hubco :
linda are you going to be working on this as you are the primary interface to this producer ? if not let me know . dave , lets get together to discuss the following action plan .
actions :
linda r . ( ? ) :
1 . get the confidentiality agreement in place
2 . get analytical support to create an economic model for waha hubco and define the value for enron .
3 . scope out roles and responsibilities of the parties
dave o . / tom h . :
1 . lead discussions with sid r . and tw on physical interconnection options
brian :
1 . work with daren f . to define physical interconnection and supply objectives for enron and hubco
2 . work with tom m . to define trading / info objectives for enron and hubco
3 . work with jim s . to define storage objectives for enron and hubco .
regards ,
brian
i will get the confidentiality agreement established .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : roper , mitchell [ mailto : mrroper @ sidrichgas . com ]
sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 10 : 22 am
to : redmond , brian
cc : puckett , kerry ; moncrief , richard ; wade , jim ; farley , wayne
subject : re : waha hubco
brian ,
i have forwarded your e - mail to the people in our shop that will be working
most directly on this project . tom hodges has talked with kerry puckett in
our bd group . they have set a meeting up for tues . 10 / 02 / 01 . we can setup
a confidentiality agreement if you want , that would probably allow us to
discuss storage options in the area more freely . since you are out today
i ' ll see if i can ' t get rick moncrief to send over a form of agreement we
have used , they all look pretty similar . as far as deal structure i ' m
pretty open on how we setup , but am definitely interested in equity
partnership / jv . as this is our core area of assets we wish to continue to
be actively involved in deals that we believe add value .
i believe there is significant potential to create a trading platform
utilizing our combined assets as well as the liquidity sres ' s system supply
could create at an expanded waha hub .
rick ' s group will be taking the point on this project and will coordinate
others involvement as necessary within our company .
we look forward to working with you and your team on this project .
thanks
mitch
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : redmond , brian [ mailto : brian . redmond @ enron . com ]
sent : thursday , september 27 , 2001 12 : 01 pm
to : mroper @ sidrichgas . com
cc : roberts , linda
subject : waha hubco
mitch :
a lot has happened since we last met - but i wanted to get back to you
on our waha hubco project . i have attached an initial presentation on
the topic and have asked our engineers ( dave owen and tom hodge ) to get
in touch with brad to look at the physical interconnection options . we
are doing the same with tw and it would be good to understand more about
your system and your objectives . i would also like to understand your
thoughts on the commercial structure and terms you would ( or would not )
like to work with enron on this .
i suggest a confidentiality agreement would be appropriate as a starting
point and if you like i can forward one for your review .
regards ,
brian
>
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and
may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or
authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply
to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all
copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not
intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its
affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise .
thank you .
