Subject: fw : new products
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : meredith , kevin
sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 2 : 43 pm
to : baumbach , david
subject : new products
please review the following description of the product you requested . i created " day ahead " , " day ahead + 1 " , and " balance of month " reference periods the this index / location . i will activate these products this evening pending your response . please let me know if you need anything else .
us gas phy index gd / d waha 02 octol usd / mm
a us gas transaction with enron north america corp . , under which seller shall sell and buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the daily contract quantity at the contract price on a firm basis . the contract price shall be derived from the index , as adjusted by the price submitted by counterparty via the website . the period of delivery shall be from the effective date through the termination date .
the term of the transaction shall correspond to the date ( s ) set forth in the product description on the website .
the transaction is for the buyer ' s receipt of gas at the pg oasis ( meter # 504 - 383 ) ; transwestern pipeline ( meter # 531 - 350 ) ; koch midstream ( meter # 504 - 259 ) ; pget accounting ( meter # 504 - 481 ) . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the general terms and conditions , if applicable , this transaction is between counterparty and enron north america corp .
the fixed price shall be the price submitted by counterparty on the website . the index for a calendar day shall be the daily midpoint price published for such calendar day under the heading " daily price survey " in the permian basin area : tex intras , waha area section of gas daily , or if a calendar day is not a business day then the price for such calendar day will be the daily midpoint price published on the next succeeding business day .
the price is quoted in us dollars per unit of volume , which will be the contractual currency .
the unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of british thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of btus per day .
kevin meredith
enrononline
( 713 ) 853 - 9555