Subject: neon retreat
ho ho ho , we ' re around to that most wonderful time of the year - - - neon leaders retreat time !
i know that this time of year is extremely hectic , and that it ' s tough to think about anything past the holidays , but life does go on past the week of december 25 through january 1 , and that ' s what i ' d like you to think about for a minute .
on the calender that i handed out at the beginning of the fall semester , the retreat was scheduled for the weekend of january 5 - 6 . but because of a youth ministers conference that brad and dustin are connected with that week , we ' re going to change the date to the following weekend , january 12 - 13 . now comes the part you need to think about .
i think we all agree that it ' s important for us to get together and have some time to recharge our batteries before we get to far into the spring semester , but it can be a lot of trouble and difficult for us to get away without kids , etc . so , brad came up with a potential alternative for how we can get together on that weekend , and then you can let me know which you prefer .
the first option would be to have a retreat similar to what we ' ve done the past several years . this year we could go to the heartland country inn ( www . . com ) outside of brenham . it ' s a nice place , where we ' d have a 13 - bedroom and a 5 - bedroom house side by side . it ' s in the country , real relaxing , but also close to brenham and only about one hour and 15 minutes from here . we can golf , shop in the antique and craft stores in brenham , eat dinner together at the ranch , and spend time with each other . we ' d meet on saturday , and then return on sunday morning , just like what we ' ve done in the past .
the second option would be to stay here in houston , have dinner together at a nice restaurant , and then have dessert and a time for visiting and recharging at one of our homes on that saturday evening . this might be easier , but the trade off would be that we wouldn ' t have as much time together . i ' ll let you decide .
email me back with what would be your preference , and of course if you ' re available on that weekend . the democratic process will prevail - - majority vote will rule ! let me hear from you as soon as possible , preferably by the end of the weekend . and if the vote doesn ' t go your way , no complaining allowed ( like i tend to do ! )
have a great weekend , great golf , great fishing , great shopping , or whatever makes you happy !
bobby