Subject: re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara
mark :
here is a list of the 66 physical deals that were zeroed out from december 15 onwards las night .
there were also many financial deals that were killed , but i hope that does not matter to unify .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mcclure , mark
sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 5 : 11 pm
to : jaquet , tammy ; krishnaswamy , jayant
cc : pena , matt ; superty , robert ; wynne , rita ; pinion , richard ; farmer , daren j . ; heal , kevin ; kinsey , lisa ; lamadrid , victor ; smith , george f . ; sullivan , patti
subject : re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara
jay ,
let ' s not assume what impact this will have . even though it is better to zero out deals we ( vm ) wouldn ' t want to go in and zero out 2000 deals .
we do have a few questions .
i would like to discuss what minimal impact is ? how do you know what impact this will have ? is there a reason this will have little impact ? do all of these d 2 d deals have zero volume associated with them ?
who decided to do this ?
why are we doing this ?
what time span are we talking ( production months / year )
let ' s determine the impact if any ?
i would like to meet with you guys and get more detail on why we are doing this and determine the impact ?
thanks ,
m . m .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : jaquet , tammy
sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 4 : 29 pm
to : krishnaswamy , jayant
cc : pena , matt ; superty , robert ; mcclure , mark ; wynne , rita ; pinion , richard ; farmer , daren j . ; heal , kevin ; kinsey , lisa ; lamadrid , victor ; smith , george f . ; sullivan , patti
subject : re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara
importance : high
jay ,
if a deal is killed it poses a problem for us in unify if there are any paths associated with the deal ; therefore , we request the deals be zeroed out . call me if this is a problem . also , we would appreciate further details on why these deals are being killed .
in addition , i have copied rita and mark from volume management for their input .
regards ,
tammy
x 35375
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : pena , matt
sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 3 : 39 pm
to : krishnaswamy , jayant ; pinion , richard ; jaquet , tammy
cc : severson , russ ; truong , dat ; aybar , luis ; ma , felicia
subject : re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara
thanks jay !
tammy / richard :
you may want to let the schedulers know , although they may already .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : krishnaswamy , jayant
sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 3 : 38 pm
to : pinion , richard ; jaquet , tammy
cc : severson , russ ; pena , matt ; truong , dat ; aybar , luis ; ma , felicia
subject : killing ena to ena deals in sitara
richars / tammy :
we will be killing about 2000 deals in sitara tonight . whenever a deal is touched in sitara , it will bridge over to unify . these are desk 2 desk deals , and should have minimal impact on you .