Subject: bankruptcy management committee
in an effort to better organize the activities and minimize the expenses related to the chapter 11 filing , we have formed the bankruptcy management committee . there are many outside firms representing multiple parties that will be requesting , among other things , certain tasks to be performed , filings with the bankruptcy court , financial analysis and general business information . to ensure these activities are coordinated , the bankruptcy management committee will now be responsible for overseeing this process . the following is a list of some of the parties that may contact you directly . if anyone from these firms , or other firms , contacts you related to the bankruptcy , please notify a member of the committee to ensure the efforts are coordinated . all outside firms will be requested to notify a member of the committee prior to contacting other enron personnel or outside parties , including the court and creditors ' committee .
firm relationship
bankruptcy court ( i . e . motions , etc . )
creditors ' committee
u . s . trustee
ernst & young accountants for the creditor ' s committee
houlihan , lokey , howard & zukin financial advisors for the creditors ' committee
blackstone financial advisors for enron
batchelder and partners financial advisors for enron
weil , gotshal and manges bankruptcy attorneys for enron
milbank tweed attorneys for the creditors ' committee
andrews and kurth attorneys for enron corp
the following are the members of the bankruptcy management committee :
ray bowen - chairman
bob butts
jim fallon
dave glassford
dave gorte
mark muller
julia murray
lou stoler
initially , this committee will meet on a daily basis to organize all the bankruptcy related activities as well as to prioritize requests going to the creditors ' committee and the court . it is extremely important that the company provides accurate and timely information to the court , the creditors ' committee and their advisors . accordingly , we request the assistance of all employees and outside firms in coordinating the bankruptcy efforts with this newly formed committee .