Subject: fw :
listed below are some guidelines for gathering the necessary information for netco contract setup so we can get as much done as possible prior to our start date . i suggest each manager start making the phone calls and if necessary get others at the desk to help out . again , the goal is to get hard copies of the contracts in our hands for review so we can fill out all of the necessary information ahead of time . take good notes on the questions that come up when speaking with the pipes . we can get legal involved as needed when major issues surface .
please let me know if you have any further questions , tks - bob
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : calcagno , suzanne
sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 4 : 33 pm
to : superty , robert
subject : fw :
hi all -
attached above is the master list of contracts we ' ll need for day 1 of newco . as the footnotes indicate , we ' ll also need new business party id ' s / passwords , an ebb agreement for all pipes and a tpa for each edi pipe ( tammy & i will be working on tpa ' s and ebb ' s ) . the timing indicated assumes that we have a clear newco structure , that the newco credit status has been identified , and that a duns number has been established . the two week estimate is built on working through the pipelines ' credit process as an entirely new entity and on turning the contracts through legal on each end , so it may be shorter for some of the simpler agreements but in any event we should estimate at least 3 - 5 days even for pooling agreements . for the ldc ' s and intrastates , we ' ll need to specifically identify what each requires .
as we discussed , we need to call each pipeline and identify the following information :
pipeline contact name and number ( i know some of you sent me this b / f - - but pls make sure that it ' s the legal / regulatory contact , not your business counterpart )
credit requirements for a new entity with an " a " credit rating ( they may just refer you to the tariff , if so , pls . ask them for a specific site so we can do the research )
get a sense of the reaction of the pipe / ldc regarding credit for the new entity - - we can set up a discussion between our legal and theirs so we can resolve those issues and move forward to contracting .
in the event that any of them raise the issue of paying any of the old enron bills , just reiterate that we ' re setting up a completely new entity and give them bob ' s , mine , or jeff hodge ' s name to discuss the estate issues .
if there are different requirements for different service levels ( ie , pooling vs . it vs . ft ) , pls ask them to specify so that we can get the easier agreements in place first and get business started on the pipe .
we need to get a hard copy of the contract for each service level - - pls . ask the pipe / ldc to fax it over or give you a specific reference to their online tariff where we can find it . once we have those together , i ' ll run the traps with legal .
it would also be helpful if each desk identifies a first and second tier of priority pipes and agreement so that we can get you up and running for the first tier , then work on the second .
i will be out of the office thursday & friday , but please call me on my cell phone at 713 - 516 - 2574 with any questions .
thanks ,
suzanne