Subject: re : netco items
darren , plan is to have the necessary contracts in place under the new netco name so we can do business on all key pipes . regarding the intrastates i suggest you think about the key ones so we have them on the list and get basic contracts in place once we have a new name and parent . also what services you want on each so we get all the necessary contracts done .
i ' ll get you some budget info shortly , tks - bob
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : farmer , daren j .
sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 9 : 43 am
to : superty , robert
subject : re : netco items
bob ,
for the texas desk , mike olsen and i will start out handling the scheduling activities . as we start up we will not be doing a lot of shipping on the intrastate pipes . we will primarily be utilizing hub and cartwheel agreements and net outs . trading primarily on the waha , katy , and carthage hubs . i will cover katy and carthage . mike will continue to cover waha and any shipping activities on the intrastate pipes . i will need a second person fairly soon after we begin trading again ( within a month or two ) .
what are you thinking that we need to look into on the intrastates ?
also , with message of setting up new budgets , can you have brandy send me a copy of the budget we had in place for texas 2002 ?
thanks .
d
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : superty , robert
sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 8 : 51 am
to : kinsey , lisa ; jaquet , tammy ; olinger , kimberly s . ; calcagno , suzanne ; farmer , daren j . ; lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , patti ; gay , randall l .
cc : jackson , brandee ; hall , bob m
subject : netco items
wanted to share the latest communication on netco . this is all good news and exciting to see that things will be moving on a fast track from this point forward . i will be pulling you together and asking for some information to meet the plans and deadlines listed below .
for a start please review your pipe coverage that is planned on your desk with the netco team you will have to work with and forward me that breakdown . i know you took a preliminary look at this but i want you all to rethink and give me a " final or startup " list . the list you gave me on the contracts required for netco on the pipelines has been consolidated and is being reviewed . i believe we need to take a look at some of the intrastates and key ldc ' s and get that info on the list . seating plan should be simple once we get a better handle on the layout for 5 & 6 . i ' ll try and get some details today . don ' t know if we will be allocated spots on 6 . it systems layout and structure is already being planned / discussed . most likely we will get involved in some testing once they start laying out the new architecture .
in addition any other items for a re - start that you can think of please forward to me .
of course we still have the major hurdle of securing a buyer and once / if we do what do they actually submit a bid to purchase . let ' s be optimistic and hope they are interested in the netco structure that has been laid out . regardless we still need to do all of the tasks listed below to get ready .
thanks - bob
the new year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into netco . obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized .
the main areas to focus on over the next week are : -
( i ) re - start / integration plans ( due on jan 7 ) to be forwarded to louise
these plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible .
the current restart date is january 21 , 2001 but may be pushed forward to january 14 , 2002 .
( ii ) budget ( due jan 3 , 2002 ) to be forwarded to faith killen
first year budget to include all start up costs ( some of which can be amortized )
( iii ) seating plans tammy shepperd to co - ordinate
we need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the enron south building .
i have asked tammy shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around january 11 , 2002 .
( iv ) due diligence
we continue the process with two new companies this week ( wednesday and thursday ) . andy zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on wednesday , please help him with his requirements .