Subject: ( tigow ) portable computer sell - out due to misordering by our client ( utaby )
e 65 cftp 9 kv 4 toclcuytmuceuro 499 for a leading brand new laptop , all costs ( transport and vat ) included . offer only valid within the european union and as long as stock lasts - see below . you must respond earliest possible . through a special arrangement , avtech direct are offering a limited allotment of brand new , top of - the - line , name - brand laptop computers at 50 % off recommended retail price . the computers were bought by our multinational client who unfortunately for them and fortunately for you ordered these computers surplus to requirement . all laptop computers are brand - new packed in their original boxes , and come with a full manufacturer ' s warranty plus a 100 % satisfaction guarantee . they were made to order by acer , a leading computer manufacturer and carry manufacturers warranty ( 1 year ) these professional grade laptop are fully equipped with 2004 next generation technology , making these the best performing computers money can buy . avtech direct is offering these feature rich , top performing laptops with the latest intel technology at an amazing price of only 499 euros . only faxed in orders will be accepted , and go in strict order of receipt . the fast and powerful at - 2400 series laptop features : intel 2 . 2 ghz processor for amazing speed and performancel 28 mb ddr ram , upgradeable to 102420 gb udma hard drive , upgradeable to 80 gb 52 x cd - rom drive , upgradeable to dvd / cdrwl . 44 floppy disk drivenext generation technologyati premium video and soundfull connectivity with fax modem / lan / iee 1394 / usb 2 . 0 soft touch keyboard and scroll mouseinternet and network readywindows xp home editionl year parts and labor warranty with priority customer service and tech supporthow to qualify : you must fax in earliest possible to our order hotline 00 44 870 134 3520 all laptop computers will be available on a first come first serve basis . any upgrade must be done by you since we sell as isif your card details are erroneous , that is your risk , not ours . you can only order one computer per credit card , and shipments are only to the address your credit card company has . you are not obligated in any way . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed . if you do not hear from us confirming the order it means that unfortunately we have already sold out . fax order form for one laptop computer as per the above specifications : keyboard : english ( uk ) / german / french / spanish / english ( us ) - please specifyplease write legibly and in capital letters ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we only charge upon shipment , which is when we advise you immediately . your name on the card : full address : postal code : credit card company : telephone and / or fax number : email : card number : valid till : 3 number security code at the back of the card : signature : 53 avvxkeuojzcp 2 cznxdt