Subject: cfp : int . conf . on web delivering of music , wedelmusic 2004 , barcelona , spain
sorry for any multiple reception of this message .
if you do not want to receive further information about wedelmusic 2004 , please send back an email with remove on the subject .
the topics of this e - mail are :
call for papers , submission deadline : 27 th february 2004
4 th international conference on web delivering of music , wedelmusic 2004
universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain
13 th - 15 th september 2004
call for contribution , submission within the 10 th of february
3 rd open workshop musicnetwork , munich , march 2004
mpeg ahg on music notation requirements
13 - 14 of march 2004 , munich , germany
announcement of co - location of
4 th open workshop musicnetwork
universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain
14 th - 16 th september 2004
cheers ,
paolo nesi , jaime delgado , kia ng
call for papers
4 th international conference on web delivering of music , wedelmusic 2004
universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain
13 th - 15 th september 2004
http : / / www . upf . edu / wedelmusic 2004 / http : / / www . wedelmusic . org /
content distribution is presently not anymore limited to music and is becoming more
cross media oriented . new distribution models for old and new content formats are
opening new paths : i - tv , mobile phones , pdas , etc . the development of the internet
technologies introduces strong impact on system architectures and business processes . new national and international regulations , policies and market evolution are
constraining the distribution mechanisms . novel distribution models , development
and application of pervasive computing and multimedia strongly influence this multi -
disciplinary field . the need of content control and monitoring is demanding effective
digital rights management ( drm ) solutions integrated with sustainable business and
transaction models . these technologies impact on the production and modelling of
cross media content .
wedelmusic - 2004 aims to explore these major topics in cross media field , to address
novel approaches for distributing content to larger audiences , providing wider access
and encouraging broader participation . the impact of these developments on cultural
heritage is also considered , together with their availability to people with limited access to content .
the conference is open to all the enabling technologies behind these problems . we
are promoting discussion and interaction among researchers , practitioners , developers ,
final users , technology transfer experts , and project managers .
topics
topics of interest include , but are not restricted to :
- - protection formats and tools for music
- - transaction models for delivering music , business models for publishers
- - copyright ownership protection
- - digital rights management
- - high quality audio coding
- - watermarking techniques for various media types
- - formats and models for distribution
- - music manipulation and analysis , transcoding , etc . .
- - music and tools for impaired people - braille
- - publishers and distributors servers
- - cross media delivery on multi - channel systems , mobile , i - tv , pdas , internet , etc .
- - automatic cross media content production
- - mpeg - 4 , mpeg - 7 and mpeg - 21
- - viewing and listening tools for music
- - music editing and manipulation
- - music education techniques
- - content based retrieval
- - conversion and digital adaptation aspects , techniques and tools
- - music imaging , music sheet digitalisation ,
- - solutions for cultural heritage valorisation
see for other topics the web site .
research papers
papers should describe original and significant work in the research and practice
of the main topics listed above . research case studies , applications and experiments
are particularly welcome . papers should be limited to approx . 2000 - 5000 words
( 8 pages ) in length . of the accepted paper , 8 pages will be published in the conference
proceedings . the conference proceedings book will be published by the ieee computer
society .
industrial papers
proposals for papers and reports of applications and tools are also welcome .
these may consist of experiences from actual utilisation of tools or industrial
practice and models . proposals will be reviewed by the industrial members of the
program committee . papers should be limited to approx . 1000 - 2500 words ( 4 pages )
in length . of the accepted paper , 4 pages will be published in the conference
proceedings .
submissions
all submissions and proposals should be written in english following the ieee
format and submitted in pdf format via email to
wedelmusico 4 - submission @ altair . upf . edu
by 27 th feb 2004 .
4 th open workshop musicnetwork
universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain
14 th - 16 th september 2004
more details and the call for contribution will appear on :
http : / / www . . org
after the 3 rd open workshop as described in the following section
the access is free of charge , supported by the european commission .
call for contribution
3 rd open workshop musicnetwork , munich , march 2004
mpeg ahg on music notation requirements
13 - 14 of march 2004 , munich , germany
http : / / www . . org
located at :
technische universit?t m?nchen , germany : http : / / www . mpeg - 68 . de / location . php
the open workshop of musicnetwork is at its third edition . the modeling ofmusic
notation / representation is a complex problem . music representation can be used
for several different purposes : entertainment , music education , infotainment ,
music archiving and retrieval , music querying , music production , music profiling ,
etc . in the current internet and multimedia age many other applications are
strongly getting the market attention and most of them will become more diffuse
of the present applications in short time . end users have discovered the multimedia
experience , and thus , the traditional music models are going to be replaced by
their integration with multimedia , audio visual , cross media . at present , there is
a lack of music notation / representation standard integrated with multimedia . the
aim of this workshop is to make a further step to arrive at standardizing a music
notation / representation model and decoder integrated into the mpeg environment ,
that presently can be regarded as the most active and powerful set of standard
formats for multimedia consumers .
the topics of the workshop are related mainly focused on :
- - music notation / representation requirements
- - music protection and distribution
- - music description and its usage on archive query
please contribute with your work on the above topics , for details see the www site
of the workshop .
the access is be free of charge , supported by the european commission .
4 th open workshop musicnetwork
universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain
14 th - 16 th september 2004
more details and the call for contribution will appear on :
http : / / www . . org
after the 3 rd open workshop as described in the following section
the access is be free of charge , supported by the european commission .
