Subject: urgent message
mr francis oma
attn : director / ceo ,
a cry for family help .
i am mr francis oma the first son of the late mr . peter oma . my father had served mr b . h . lions who was an irish citizen and a successful farmer in our remote village . my father served him for many years and inherited his farm after his death . my father became an executive member of the farmers association in the western mashonaland province of zimbabwe . he also became a successful businessman , because of the recent uprising in my country and the war veterans and farmers clashing , my father decided that it would be safer if my younger brother and i move to south africa to escape the violence .
we left zimbabwe with two boxes containing the sum of us $ 11 . 5 m ( eleven million , five hundred thousand united states dollars only ) and valuables ( diamonds ) worth us $ 5 m . my father has instructed us to deposit it with a private security company on our arrival .
he also instructed me not to reveal the contents of the box to anyone for security reasons and all the documents pertaining to this deposition .
barely two months after we moved to johannesburg , we got information that my father ' s farm had been invaded and that my parent and most of his workers had been killed . my father ' s property and farmland have now been taken over by the war veterans .
i believe that this has been the work of people who did not like my father because of white owned farms . we could not even attend the funerals of my parents as we also now fear for our dear lives . our reason for contacting you is to seek for your assistance in providing an overseas bank account where we can transfer this fund . have in mind that this is a risk free business as we have conclude a modality for the transfer . your participation gives you 20 % of the total sum , 7 % for all expense in curred during this business while 73 % is for my younger brother and i . the diamond will be discussed at our arrival .
we do not know much about diamonds or how to invest this money so we will also need your assistance in this regard . we have agreed to give you a share of the money if you are willing to assit us , should this proposal meet your utmost consideration , please do not hesitate to contact my brother or me on the above email address .
the confidentiality of this proposal cannot be overemphasized as we believe that you will oblige with us the needed security and attention it demands . please treat this proposal with the utmost regard , and the confidentiality of these business should not be over - emphasised .
please response on this email address ; francisoma @ zwallet . com
waiting for your favourable response .
thanks and god bless ,
( from mr francis oma ) .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
powered by telstra . com
