Subject: new profile ( otcbb : cinm ) the stock to watch
cinm highlights
about cinm
cinm was down 50 % on friday on no negative news whatsoever . after the stock market closed cinm issued a news release estimating growth targets for 2004 - 2006 .
watch for dead cat bounce in the days ahead for no other reason than new news and a rebound from a precipitous drop in stock price .
important disclaimer and information :
verify all claims and do your own due diligence . daily double stock reporter ( ddsr ) profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities . ddsr is not offering securities for sale . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of ddsr and are subject to change without notice . the companies that are discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company ' s ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid advertisement . ddsr is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . ddsr is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in ddsr profiles is provided as an information only service . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and , investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in cinm .
ddsr has been compensated 1 , 000 , 000 free trading shares of cinm by wolverine inv . , a non - affiliated third party . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at
http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . we also strongly recommend that you read the sec advisory to investors concerning internet stock fraud , which can be found at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . ddsr intends to sell all or a portion of the cinm stock at or about the time of publication of this report . subsequently ddsr may buy or sell shares of cinm stock in the open market . since ddsr has been compensated there is an inherent conflict of interest .
this message was sent to address paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list , send a blank email to unsub - ubmmabmwfzqafd @ upper - web - side . comorsend a mail with your email address to
now technologies , 2234 north federal highway suite 481 , boca raton , florida 33431