Subject: from dr kenneth
from dr kenneth okoh ,
ecobank benin
rue gouverneur bayol
01 b . p . 1280 rp cotonou
tilex : 5394 ecobnk ctnou
phone # + 229 - 40 - 25 - 86
atten :
re : transfer of ( usd 26 million )
i want to transfer to overseas ( $ 26 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd ) twenty six million united states dollars ) from ecobank , benin . i have the courage to ask for your assistance to handle this important and confidential business to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this money , even an empty a / c can serve to receive this funds quitely .
i am dr kenneth okoh the accountant / auditor in ecobank , benin and personal confidant to dr . ravindra f . shah who died together with his wife dr . mrs . manjula parikh - shah in a planecrash on the lst oct . 2003 on their way to attend a wedding in boston .
mr . ravindra f . shah , is an american , a physician and industrialist , he died last year without having any beneficiary to his assets including his account herein benin which he opened in a eco bank , benin in the year 2000 as his personal savings for the purpose of expansion and developement of his company before his untimely death in 2003 . the amount involved is ( usd
26 , 000 . 000 . 00 usd ) twenty six million united states dollars and no other person knows about this account . i am contacting you for me to transfer this funds to your account as the beneficiary , i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a local person here , without valid international foreign passport , but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and foreign a / c because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the a / c mr . ravindra f . shah is a foreigner too , and as such the money can only be approved into a foreign a / c .
however , i am revealing this to you with belief in god that you will never let me down in this business . you are the first and the only person that i am contacting for this business , so please reply urgently so that i will inform you the next step to take urgently . send also your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the transfer . i need your full co - operation to make this work because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you , upon your positive response and once i am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with
instruction of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business .
at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 40 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me . i look forward to your earliest reply through
my email or you call me on phone .
yours ' faithfully ,
dr kenneth okoh
call me for more info . + 229 - 40 - 25 - 86
