Subject: grab as much as you can by timing the market e
market watch news flash
explosive short term trading profits in a new technology
issue ( ticker : srge ) are being predicted as many
significant news releases indicate strong contractual
revenues with major telecom firms .
srge has been successfully working with telecommunications
giants ( with five million subscriber lines ) over the last 4
years , but is now projecting a banner expansion year with
geometric growth in revenues due largely to sales demands
for their innovative patented products and expansion into
international telecom markets .
surge technologies , inc . ( srge ) is a cutting - edge leader
that designs , develops , manufactures , and markets superior
patented outside plant electrical surge protection
equipment for the telecommunications industry .
the us sales projections for this market are $ 4 billion
annually , with this figure growing rapidly as the
expansion of new hdsl and adsl technologies permeate
the industry .
srge provides the telecom industry with the highest
quality protection element for complex digital switches .
protecting these telecom switching devices is crucial to
inclusive components that are sensitive to interruptions
in voltage which can cause extensive network damage , thus
negating costly and time - consuming repair and down - time .
major telecoms require this protection throughout their
network in order to prevent the hazards of harming
personnel , damaging expensive equipment , and massive
system failures .
opening price : 1 . 00
10 day target : 2 . 30
1 month target : 4 . 50
outstanding shares : 16 . 5 million
est . float : 2 . 2 million
how many times have you seen issues explode but you
couldn ' t get your hands on them or didn ' t have the right
information in time ? we are alerting you now to a special
company with a unique technology that is on the forefront
of a breakout ! we are excited about srge ' s technology
and expansion as they prepare to ink deal after deal with
major us telecoms in conjunction with dramatic increases
in revenue for 2004 and 2005 . srge has made phenomenal
advancements but may be one of the few stocks left in
this industry group that is unknown and undervalued ,
therefore a 300 % - 400 % jump may wind up being conservative .
information within this email contains forward looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the
securities act of 1933 and section 21 b and the securities
exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or
involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
assumptions or future events or performance are not
statements of historical fact and may be forward
looking statements .
forward looking statements are based upon expectations ,
estimates and projections , at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . forward
looking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee ,
expects , estimates , believes , understands , will ,
anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain
actions may , could , or might occur . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the
material within this report shall be construed as any kind
of investment advice .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holdings
of independently purchased shares of srge prior to the
publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent
to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may
be sold at any time , even after positive statements have
been made regarding the above company .
k x
l y buj eebcdgdc xjy ga p
wpt
jgc z zko d xqkpru ijcvs cn
