Subject: market watch undervalued report f
april 2004 top pick of the month
life energy and technology holdings , inc .
( otcbb : leth )
leth receives $ 250 , 000 , 000 in financing to fund the manufacture
of the environmentally friendly biosphere process system
waste - to - energy units in the united states .
first unit to roll - out in new orleans in early second quarter .
we are expecting earth - shattering upcoming news leading a strong
rally in leth for a company that has announced over $ 100 million
in sales orders in the past year , and tops that record - setting
achievement by acquiring the equivalent of $ 8 . 62 per share in
cash for major worldwide expansion .
* * our readers grabbed substantial profits for our march pick * *
ushg featured at . 75
reached 3 . 65 in 8 days !
traded as high as 7 . 00 since !
the biosphere process system - soaring worldwide demand :
leth is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their
biosphere process system to generate revenue from the disposal
of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour
which makes a major impact on the global waste problem . this
profitable and environmentally safe process converts into clean ,
green electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste ,
agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial
wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge
market of used tires . leth profits from the sale of electricity
created from the waste conversion on a continuous basis by generating
5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity which is then sold to
replenish the local or national grid .
the biosphere process succeeds in filling an urgent worldwide need
for cost - effective renewable energy sources and a corresponding
universal need to solve critical problems in the disposal of waste .
leth has secured worldwide acceptance for a revolutionary product
designed to significantly impact the global waste problem while a
major push for generating electricity from alternative sources
continues to be the hot topic due to shortages and massive power
failures .
financing of $ 250 million positions leth for astronomical sales :
the magnitude of this financing package goes much deeper than the
fact that this $ 1 . 50 stock now has accessible capital equivalent to
$ 8 . 62 per common share in cash . there are 26 biosphere process
systems presently in operation worldwide . the available funding
could easily be used to produce 100 additional biospheres . now factor
in that the average sale price is $ 7 million per biosphere . we
cannot even comprehend what this stock should be trading for with
a potential $ 700 , 000 , 000 in future sales with 29 million shares
outstanding !
leth stock guidance :
current price : 1 . 80
near - term target : 4 . 80
projected high for ' 04 : 12 . 50
leth ' s blue chip partner - fortifying the system :
leth is an alliance partner with tetra tech , inc . ( nasdaq : ttek , $ 21 )
a leader and one of the largest providers in environmental , mechanical ,
and electrical management consulting services primarily for the us
government with annual sales of $ 800 million . tetra tech will
coordinate the securing of necessary permits , installation , and
continuous worldwide monitoring of the biosphere process system
for leth . tetra tech is now in the process of obtaining department
of environmental quality permitting for the biosphere process in
the state of louisiana . this is a monumental event for leth which
opens the floodgates for major project revenues in louisiana while
having a parallel effect on leth stock in the form of a huge
near - term announcement .
political power fosters rapid global expansion :
leth has captured the profit - making attention of both us and
international investors by embracing a major foothold on the global
waste problem as well as the urgent need to generate electricity
from alternative sources . this has been accomplished by successfully
creating major inroads to all corners of the globe through the
political contacts at the highest level from dr . albert reynolds ,
chairman of leth , who is also the former prime minister of ireland .
dr . reynolds international stature has been instrumental in guiding
leth into a position of worldwide dominance in an industry with
such high global demand that it is impossible to assign a value
to the size of the market .
uncommon value for a company of this caliber :
we are witnessing a breakout year in the making judging by the
frequency of recently announced sales contracts for the biosphere ,
the impressive backlog of over $ 100 million in sales orders , and
the company ' s very solid financial position . we view this perfectly
timed convergence of events as the catalyst for additional
contracts that will perpetuate the shattering of the company ' s
own sales records . as our top stock pick for april , we anticipate
the continuation of strong positive developments that will
ignite leth shares which carry our highest rating for short - term
trading profits followed by robust long - term capital gains .
top pick of the month cautions that small and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or all investment dollars can
be lost . we suggest you consult a professional investment advisor
before purchasing any stock . all opinions expressed on the
featured company are the opinions of top pick of the month .
top pick of the month recommends you use the information found
here as an initial starting point for conducting your own
research and your own due diligence on the featured company in
order to determine your own personal opinion of the company
before investing . top pick of the month is not an investment
advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm
and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice
or promoting any investment strategies . top pick of the month
is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer
to buy or sell securities . top pick of the month has received
twenty eight thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party
for the preparation of this company profile . since we have
received compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking
statements , which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that
could cause results to differ materially from those set forth
in the forward looking statements .
hfu ke hg y dc lfl fuz
wwolytile
zoxqmrvko kgst glkdss
tqagfgexdcnv eka
