Subject: urgent assistance
dear friend ,
i pray god almight this message reaches you in wonderful spirit . how are
you and
your family .
i am mrs . jessica e . savimbi , from angola . l got your
contact and profle w . w . w and coupled with the information i gathered
about you
from the external trade department of my country chamber of commerce and
industry in my country .
there is an imformation i would like you to keep very
confidential .
there is sum ammount of money my late husband unita
rebel leader jonas malheiro . savimbi deposited in a bank in africa
under a suspense account for safe keeping before he was killed by
angolan millitary force .
the squable happened as over the issue of mineral and
allocation resource of diamond using his power and influence to
smuggled diamond to the neighbouring
country in exchanged for money and other valuable asset .
my late husband married three wives . i am the second wife .
i will not be able to give you the full details that led to that
urgly incidents .
presently i am staying in cotonou , , just to save my life , with
my
three children .
the money in question , is $ 10 , 500 , 000 . 00 u . s . dollars .
what i would want you to do , is to assits me to get the fund
transfer into your account in your country for investment prior to
your advise , and we shall open a small account in a bank on your
name , and transfer the money to your country , through the
account .
i will give you the 20 % of the money for your assitance .
there is no risk in this transaction . i will use the
remain balance of the money for an investiment in your
country for the future of my children .
if you are intrested , and can maintain the very confidential of
this transaction , you e - mail me immediately through my email address for
more
clearification , and also note that i am a refugees in nigeria ,
becuase of the killing of late husband , and the
civil war going on in our country . kindly reply to my email
address . ( kc 2005 @ mail 8 . com )
i can speak little english ,
thank you very much .
mrs jessica savimbi
send your loved ones easter eggs and figolli this easter . shop online at http : / / shop . di - ve . com
