Subject: reply soon ! ! !
dear sir ,
i know this email will reach you as a surprise , but need not to worry as we are using the
only secured and confidential medium available to seekfor foreign assistance in a business .
it is with heartfelt hope that i write to seek your co - operation and
assistance in the context stated below : may i first introduce my self : i am
dr . ( mrs . ) mariam abacha , the wife of late general sani abacha ( former
military head of state and president of the federal republic of nigeria )
who died suddenly on 8 th june 1998 . i got your contact on the internet as
i was making contact for a honest foreigner who will help save my life and my children ,
hence our country has been frustrating us since the death of my husband .
i have lost confidence with anybody within the country .
having noted the confidence reposed on your person ,
i became convinced of your capability and goodwill to assist me in receiving
the sum of us $ 20 million secretly willed in my favour by the late general
( my husband ) .
this money was kept in a security company in amsterdam holland and i have
all documents with me as of when it was deposited in a security vault for
safe keeping . this money has been defaced for security reasons and also to
avoid it been spent by unauthorized persons .
it is not an ill gotten wealth rather , it was generated from my
organisation family support program ( f . s . p ) . i will enlighten you more of this
organisation if you indicate a helping interest to secure this money on my behalf .
on your acceptance to render this assistance to me
to invest this fund abroad in a confidential manner until we came to a
conclusion to use it to buy houses and part of it will be used for
non - speculative investments in your country . however , the current civilian
administration of retired general olusegun obasanjo ( the president of the
federal republic of nigeria ) is seeking vengeance on the abacha family
because of the life prison jail sentence confirmed on him by my late
husband while in office . in pursuit of this vendetta , the present government have
resolved to freeze all known assets of general sani abacha including
properties at home and abroad and are presently embarking on to seize the
various bank accounts of my husband in swizerland , uk , australia . in fact ,
the attack on our family ( the abacha ' s ) is so devastated to an extent of
seizing our travelling passport , family accounts and even trying some members of our
family in court for offences allegedly committed by my late husband .
in view of this grevious threat to our economic and personal survival , our
family trustee have secretly protected the will , the security company has
called me to do something about claiming this consignment because of the
demurrage it is incurring and i told them we would come and claim it very
soon . but my son seriously advised me to move the fund into an overseas
amount , hence the reason why i have chosen you and hope that you will come
to my full assistance and unlimited
co - operation . in the meantime , there is a travelling embargo on us ( the whole
family members ) and our local accounts are seized . we are currently living
on goodwill of people who believe we cannot be held responsible for the
sins
of my late husband . in view of this plight , i expect you to be trustworthy
and kind enough to respond to this distressed call to save me and my
children from a hopeless future . and if you agree to help , we will
compensate you sincerely for your candid effort in this regard with 25 % of
the total amount of $ 20 million us dollars .
in that case , when the money ( $ 20 million ) is moved into your
discrete account , you will be allowed to withdraw 25 % in
your favour , while 10 % has been set aside for any expenses you might incur
( there are demurrage to pay before the consignment is sign and claimed by
you . ) during the process of securing this consignment . the remaining 65 % will be invested meaningfully for my
children ' s future . my cousin ( dr . yemi musa ) has perfected arrangements with
the trust company concerned and has been assured 100 % risk free and safe
operation . what i demand from you now is to arrange to visit the finance
company where this money is being deposited and claim it as the bona - fide
owner . and in due course , all contacts must be made through
dr yemi musa through this e - mail : address yemimusa 2 @ hotvoice . com and
phone : 00221 512 48 59 . senegal .
i look forward to your quick response while thanking
you for your co - operation . in view of all above
details , i request you to keep this letter and
co - operation highly confidential .
best wishes ,
mrs . mariam abacha .
