Subject: congratulations
from : the lottery coordinator ,
international promotions / prize award department
dear sir / madam ,
results for third category draws
royal stakes south africa wishes to inform you of the
results of it ' s third category draws held on the 3 rd
april 2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that
you have emerged a winner under our third category
draws , which is part of our promotional draws .
participants were selected through a computer ballot
system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of
individuals and companies from africa , america , asia ,
canada , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of
our international promotions program .
you / your company , attached to ticket number
28 - 04 - 1376 , with serial number 20 - 431 drew the lucky
numbers 12 , 18 , 21 , 32 , 41 , 47 ( 31 ) , and consequently
won in the third category .
you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of
us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million five hundred thousand
united states dollars ) in cash , which is the winning
payout for third category winners . this is from the
total prize money of us $ 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared between 2
international winners in the third category .
congratulations ! ! !
your fund is now deposited with apex finance and
investment group insured in your name . in your best
interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names
of any kind , we request that you keep the entire
details of your award strictly from public notice
until the process of transferring your claims has been
completed , and your funds remitted to your account .
this is part of our security protocol to avoid double
claiming or unscrupulous acts by
participants / nonparticipants of this program .
we also wish to bring to your notice our mid year
( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning
up to us $ 25 . 5 million , we hope that with a part of
your prize you will participate .
please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin
your claims process ;
mr . joshua leon ,
foreign department manager ,
apex finance and investment group .
tel / fax : + 27 828675346
email : joshualeon 7 @ apexfandigroupsa . net
for due processing and remittance of your prize money
to a designated account of your choice .
remember , you must contact your claims agent not later
than two weeks from the date of receipt of this mail .
after this date , all funds will be returned as
unclaimed .
note : for easy reference and identification , find
below your reference and batch numbers , remember to
quote these numbers in every one of your
correspondence with your claims agent .
reference number : 3 rss - 7
batch number : nd - 21
congratulations once again from all our staff and
thank you for being part of our promotions program .
sincerely ,
the lottery coordinator ,
royal stakes , south africa .
11 parkfield road ,
illovo , jhb .
south africa . .
tel / fax : + 27 823622669
n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the
winners will result to disqualification . please do not
reply to this mail . contact your claims agent . ( terms
and conditions apply )
mail sent from noise pollution radio webmail
- http : / / radio . noisepollution . com
