Subject: strong buy alert : weekly member newsletter
gotham
financial daily
bioelectronics corp .
( otc pink sheets : biel )
* * mega
trading alert * *
special - alert - biel . pk
check out the
gains from recent
strong - buy
recommendations . . .
december ? htsc at
. 70 high 3 . 25 . . . . 410 %
gain !
january ? . . . qlhc at 90 high 3 . 50 . . . . 389 %
gain !
april ? ? . . . . . ipys at . 30 high 1 . 10 . . . . . 266 %
in two days
these types of gains
happen every day in the world of pink sheets ! lets look at today ' s
featured company : bioelectronics corp .
bioelectronics
corp : biel
current - price :
$ 0 . 80
reasons to buy
biel . pk : biel
( bioelectronics corporation ) is taking proven medical technologies and
making them available to more people in new convenient , cost - effective
dermal patches . by applying advanced microelectronic technology ,
bioelectronics is dramatically reducing the size and the cost of some
well - establ
biel first fda cleared product , actipatch ( tm ) therapy is a dermal
patch with an embedded microchip that delivers weeks of continuous pulsed
electromagnetic energy . actipatch therapy is the miniaturized
equivalent of the large pulsed electromagnetic energy machines prescribed by
physicians for decades to reduce swelling , relieve pain and enhance the
healing of surgical incisions , accidental wounds , sprains , strains and
chronic wounds ( bedsores ) . actipatch ' s size , portability , ease of use
and relatively low price overcomes the obstacles to use associated with the
large , expensive , stationary machines . the introduction of actipatch
provides an immediate therapeutic alternative for the 200 million surgical
and non - surgical soft tissue injuries across the u . s . annually .
bioelectronics has launched it ' s actipatch product line in cooperative
distribution relationships with several well - established medical device
companies in various medical market segments .
new
products and additional applications : biel and leading pharmaceutical
and device manufacturers and conducting new clinical trials . these
trials include : abdominoplasty - - pain ; face and forehead lifts - - pain and
edema , facial fat injections - - pain and edema ; heel - - pain and healing ;
oral surgery - - pain ; swelling and accelerated healing ; and abdominal
surgery - - pain and accelerated healing . successful results in these
trials will be published and used to secure additional fda approved
indications of use .
biel is developing
products for the treatment of chronic pain , arthritis , inflammatory skin
conditions , and chronic wounds .
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or
future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and
may be forward looking statements .
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to
differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking
statements in this action may be identified through the use of words
such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes ,
understands will , anticipates , or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information
provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities
must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we
advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
professional securities representative before deciding to trade in
stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this
report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . gs research
and / or its officers and employees have been compensated $ 10 , 000 . 00 cash
by a third party for work involved in the preparation and production of
this reportin compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding
of independently purchased shares of the company mentioned prior to the
publication of this report . . be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from
the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even
after positive statements have been made regarding the above company .
short term trading targets are only guesses on our part . keep in mind
that when trading small stocks like the company above there is a chance
you will lose every penny you invest . furthermore there have been times
in the past when the company itself tells lies , gives false information
and puts out false news . this email is for entertainment purposes only .
this is not investment advice . we suggest you check with an investment
professional before investing any stocks or mutual funds .
