Subject: strong buy alert : monthly newsletter
topstocks mid - week report
alert :
strong buy / watch
issued on cwtd
* * * braking end of market news announcement * * *
* * wednesday may 19 ,
6 : 14 pm et
* *
braking news ;
wednesday may 19 , 6 : 14 pm et
china world trade corp . signs agreement with huahao
group to acquire 51 % of it ' s operating arm , new generation group .
read
below for more information or
click here for full news
release
china world trade corp .
symbol : cwtd otc . bb
price $ 3 . 15
significant revenue growth in 2004
rating : strong buy
this stock has
ran to over $ 9 . 00 in the previous months and with all the recent
activity along with future talks of china world making amex listing
would make this a great time to take a closer look at the company ;
cwtd .
* recent company
news
tianhe , guangzhou , china - - ( market wire ) - - may 19 , 2004 - - china
world trade corp is pleased to announce that it has signed an
agreement with huahao group to acquire 51 % of its operating arm , new
generation group . total consideration for the transaction is
$ 11 , 475 , 000 , about 70 % payable in stock and the balance to be paid
in cash . the audit of huahao is scheduled to be complete before july
15 , 2004 . it is expected that cwtd will consolidate the revenue of
new generation group once the transaction has closed . the
transaction is expected to close on or before july 30 , 2004 .
the new generation group agreement marks another key component in
the china world trade corporation ' s strategy to have the capability
to provide to their members a more comprehensive value - added
service - - all the members can book arrange all of their travel
needs through the new generation group .
of equal importance , new generation group recently deployed a
toll - free number , which is very rare for china . while there were
nearly 80 million internet users in china at the end of 2003 , there
were over 250 million mobile phone users and hundreds of millions of
more landlines . as a result , it is believed the phone is likely to
remain the primary tool that chinese businessmen and consumers use
to access information and make travel purchases for years to come - -
especially last minute reservations !
about huahao group : established in october 1997 , huahao is
the pioneer and one of the market leaders in the travel agency
businesses through the operations of its 10 subsidiaries in southern
china in ticketing sales for international and domestic flights as
well as inbound business travel . the turnover of huahao was
approximately us $ 180 million in 2003 and is expected to reach us $ 250
million in 2004 . huahao has already acquired the necessary licenses
to operate as a ticketing and travel agent in the prc . these
licenses include 26 licenses as a ticketing agent for international
and domestic flights for both cargo and passengers issued by the
civil aviation administration of china ( caac ) and the
international air transport association ( iata ) ; and 3 licenses as
a domestic and international travel agent issued by the
administrative bureau of tourism of china . huahao has registered the
trademark network travel service ( nts ) ( or in chinese zhong heng
tian di ' ' meaning travel around the world ' ' ) for its brand name and
logo in 36 out of 43 recognized industries in china . in addition ,
huahao has set up a call center to handle nationwide reservations .
customers are able to make reservations of hotel and air ticket
simply by dialing 4008168168 anywhere in the nation .
about china world trade corp : china world trade corp . is
devoted to the building of world trade brand in china . china world
trade corp . a listed company on the ( otc bb : cwtd ) in the united
states . cwtc business objective is to open and operate business
clubs in the major cities of china in association with the world
trade center association in order to position us as the platform to
facilitate trade between china and the world market . we currently
operate the guangzhou world trade center club consisting of over
4000 square meters . the beijing world trade center club , which is
located at 2 nd floor , office tower ii , landmark towers beijing , 8
north dongsanhuan road , beijing prc , and consisting of 730 square
meters . the china world trade corp executive office is located
at 4 th floor , goldlion digital network center , 138 tiyu road east ,
tianhe , guangzhou , and the prc 510620 .
* key company
points
here are a few simple reasons why one would own china world trade
corp :
china world trade corp signs
agreement with huahao group to acquire 51 % of its operating arm ,
new generation group .
total consideration for the
transaction is $ 11 , 475 , 000 , about 70 % payable in stock and the
balance in cash into the company .
the audit of huahao is scheduled
to be complete before july 15 th 2005 .
the transaction is expected to
close on or before july 30 , 2004 .
it is expected that cwtd will
consolidate the revenue of new generation group once the
transaction has closed .
projected revenue for 2004 will
be over usd 200 million .
new generation group recently
deployed a nation wide toll free number in china :
4008168168 , which is very rare for china . while there were nearly
80 million internet users in china at the end of
2003 . there were over 250 million mobile phone users
and hundreds of million of landlines . this is a one stop
service numbers for all travel services for inbound and outbound
services .
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forward looking statements within
the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance
are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking
statements .
forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in
this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects ,
foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will ,
anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . all information provided within this email
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as
information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice . topstocks and / or its officers and employees have
been compensated 50 , 000 open trade shares by a third party for work involved
in the preparation and production of this report
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of independently
purchased shares of the company mentioned prior to the publication of this
report . . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such
holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares .
shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been
made regarding the above company . short term trading targets are only
guesses on our part . keep in mind that when trading small stocks like the
company above there is a chance you will lose every penny you invest .
furthermore there have been times in the past when the company itself tells
lies , gives false information and puts out false news . this email is for
entertainment purposes only . this is not investment advice . we suggest you
check with an investment professional before investing any stocks or mutual
funds .
