Subject: kwbt bio - tech signs letter of intent , gcm
after the closing bell . . . getting a jump start on the next trading day kwbt bio - tech signs letter of intent . . . the loi is intended as a marketing agreement whereby kwbt will market rti ' s products in the china market utilizing its sales and distribution channels . rti is a leader in mycorrhiza and advanced nutrition products for new forest plantation , mine reclamation and erosion control , and is north america ' s number one producer of premium mycorrhizal inoculant . their planter pak technology combines a sophisticated blend of controlled release fertilizers in a simple and highly effective ` ` root zone delivery ' ' system . planters paks are safe to handle , economical and been shown to consistently increase plant biomass by 240 % to 400 % over non - treated seedlings in the irst three to five years . rti ' s proven technology has been used for over a decade in reforestation , mine reclamation , land restoration and ornamental applications . wei li , chairman and ceo of kwbt stated , ` ` kwbt is pleased to enter into this alliance with rti . their premium mycorrhizal products are best used in native vegetation restoration , forestry and agriculture due to their ability to form an extensive hyphal network in soil . ' ' li continued , ` ` desertification has been claiming land at the speed of 600 , 000 acres per year in china since the 1990 s . currently , total desertification in china stands at 650 , 000 , 000 acres , which is 27 . 3 % of the total area of the country . among this land , close to 20 , 000 , 000 acres are arable lands . reforestation has been a continuous effort that may reach up to 7 , 000 , 000 acres per year . ' ' li added , ` ` to enhance our product offerings and shorten the product development cycle , kwbt is continuously focused on forming relationships with selected companies in the united states whose products complement what kwbt is already doing in china . by increasing the number and diversity of products we offer to the marketplace , kwbt will establish itself as a key supplier of bio - agricultural products in china and eventually in the us markets as well . ' ' kwbt develops , manufactures and distributes innovative , cost - effective , and environmentally - safe bio - technological products to agricultural and environmental protection markets . the company ' s goal is to have people in china and elsewhere in the world eat healthier , drink cleaner and live longer . the company is a pioneer in commercialization of biotechnology , havingan offshore manufacturing base in shandong province , china and distributing bio - tech products worldwide . this press release contains information that constitutes forward - looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . any such forward - looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results described within the forward - looking statements . risk factors that could contribute to such differences include those matters more fully disclosed in the company ' s reports filed with the securities and exchange commission . the forward - looking information provided herein represents the company ' s estimates as of the date of the press release , and subsequent events and developments may cause the company ' s estimates to change . the company specifically disclaims any obligation to update the forward - looking information in the future . therefore , this forward - looking information should not be relied upon as representing the company ' s estimates of its future financial performance as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release . for more information on kwbt and its products , please refer to the website at : hereno more craftsperson delay ravine particle eclipse enzyme axe episode housework pocketful furtive guillemot beloit paleozoic scab moscow denudation startle byroad puerile emboss