Subject: personal contact
dear sir / madam ,
you may be surprise to receive this letter from me since you do not know me personally . the purpose of my mail is that i am mr . peter stevens , the second son of dr . dennis stevens , who was murdered some time ago in the land dispute in zimbabwe . i am writing from holland ( the netherlands ) where i am currently based as a political asylum seeker .
before the death of my father , he took me to amsterdam in holland to deposit the sum of ( us $ 18 . 9 m ) eighteen million , nine hundred thousand united states dollars only , in a private security and finance company . may be he for - saw the looming danger in zimbabwe ? but this money was put in a box as gemstones before it was deposited to avoid much tax and demurrage from the security company . this money was initially meant to purchase new machines and chemicals for the farms and also to establish a new farm in swaziland .
the land problem came when the government of zimbabwe under the leadership of president robert mugabe , introduced a new land use decree / act that , affected a lot of rich white farmers and some few blacks . this resulted to the mob action and killing by zimbabwe war veterans and some lunatics in the society , so to say . infact , a lot of people were killed in this land reform act , including my father .
it is against this back - ground , that i consulted with my family to transfer this money out of holland to a foreign account since i am now staying in holland and the law of netherlands , forbids a refugee ( asylum seeker ) to have such a money in an account . i am therefore saddled with the responsibility by my family to seek for a genuine person with foreign account to handle this transaction . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this amount of money in the netherlands because ; i will not like to go through the same experience in future since both countries have similar history . moreover , the netherlands foreign exchange does not allow such investment from asylum seekers .
i must let you know that this transaction is risk free . if you accept to assist me and my family , you will need to come to amsterdam the netherlands to open a non resident account which will aid us in the transfer of the money into any account you will provide . this money is meant for investment purpose in any lucrative business of your choice .
i have two options of offers for your assistance . you may go into partnership with me in any business you decides to invest the money on with the shearing of the profit carefully spelt out if agreed upon , or you may decide to have 20 % of the total sum , 70 % will be for me and my family and the remaining 10 % will be set aside for un - forseen expenses that may be incurred in the cause of pursuing this transaction to a successful end .
you may contact me on the above medias so that i know what your decision is , about this proposal . please note that your field of specialization is not a hindreance to this transaction .
thank for your anticipated co - operations .
peter stevens .
