Subject: message subject
think getting a 1 . 95 % rate is impossible ?
think again !
we can offer you the absolute rock - bottom lowest rate , guaranteed .
we work with all credit types . visit our site now , for your rate quote .
click here now !
now that i have had both services , and having noticed that a google search
yields no definitive answers for people , i wanted to post my personal review
of the two systems .
i have an alpine cda - 7878 and an alpine xm unit and a panasonic sirius unit ,
both with terk antennas . the alpine unit was connected to the head unit via
an ainet cable and the sirius unit was connected with an auxiliary rca
adapter available from alpine ( kca - 121 b ) . i had xm since it debuted and
sirius for a few months in the pacific northwest .
the bottom line , for those needing a quick answer , is sirius is superior in
sound quality , features ( free streaming from their website ! ) , and channel
quality ( better music , no commercials , better talk ) . xm has a few more
channels that make very little difference to the end result ( read on ) .
after careful review of both systems , sirius came out the winnner , as i have
said . the channels are laid out well , lack commercials , sound great , and
are streamed on the internet . the only disadvantage of sirius was its
oft - sited lack of nascar , which they seem to be trying to remedy . also , xm
has an extra comedy channel ( it ' s boring , and features older , censored
comedy ) , and a few more " experimental " music channels which most will find
totally useless . surfing xm for music is often like surfing the regular
( terrestrial ) radio in a large city - you get nothing but frustration . it ' s
no wonder xm doesn ' t stream live on the net so that you can try before you
buy . also , xm ' s channel layout was unfriendly , in my opinion .
the greatest and most dizzying drawback in comparing the two , however , are
the staggeringly stupid and annoying xm commercials . not necessarily the
corporate commercials that come from outside companies ( which are annoying
in an expected way ) , but the ridiculous and loud in - house xm stuff that
makes you have to turn down your radio really quick when you ' ve had it up
loud - especially with the windows open ( yes , they are that embarrassing ) .
this , and the better performance of sirius , was the deciding factor in my
cancelling xm .
xm , however , holds their own and can satisfy a customer with some decent
music and a fair selection of talk . if not for sirius , i would have kept
xm , i think ; probably because it is nice to listen to the same station no
matter where you go . yet , as is the way of competition , sirius has offered
everything good that xm does and done it right . sirius outshines in the
talk category , with a variety of right and left - wing shows , all of the
useful talk channels xm has , and npr , pri , and a well laid - out channel plan .
xm does a bit better in the design of their customer care website . sirius
also has a customer care website , but it is not as robust ( less detail ) .
however , xm doesn ' t have streaming audio on its website - apparently we all
have to pay xm $ 6 . 99 extra in additon to buying another $ 200 receiver for
the house . in addition to the crappy commercials , this is probably where
the corporate influence of xm being part - owned by clearchannel and gm shows .