Subject: entourage , stockmogul newsletter
ralph velez ,
genex pharmaceutical , inc . ( otcbb : genx )
biotech sizzle with sales and earnings !
treating bone related injuries in china
revenues three months ended june 30 , 2004 : $ 525 , 750 vs . $ 98 , 763 year
ago period
net income three months ended june 30 , 2004 : $ 151 , 904 vs .
( $ 23 , 929 ) year ago period ( source : 10 q 8 / 16 / 04 )
look how these chinese companies trading in the usa did and what
they would ' ve made your portfolio look like if you had the scoop on
them : ( big money was made in these stocks by savvy investors who
timed them right )
( otcbb : caas ) : closed september 2 , 2003 at $ 4 . 00 . closed december 31 ,
2003 : $ 16 . 65 , up 316 %
otcbb : cwtd ) : closed january 30 , 2004 at $ 1 . 50 . closed february 17 th
at $ 7 . 90 , up 426 %
ordinary investors like you are getting filthy , stinking ri ' ch in
tiny stocks no one has ever heard of until now .
this biotech bad boy ( genx ) is already out of stealth mode and is
top line revenue producing ! do you see where we ' re going with this ?
biotech sizzle with sales and earnings !
about genex pharmaceutical , inc . ( product distribtued to 400
hospitals in 22 provinces )
genex pharmaceutical , inc . is a biomedical technology company with
distinctive proprietary technology for an orthopedic device that
treats bone - related injuries . headquartered in tianjin , china , the
company manufactures and distributes reconstituted bone xenograft
( rbx ) , to 400 hospitals in 22 provinces throughout mainland china .
rbx is approved by the state food and drug administration ( sfda ) in
china ( the chinese government agency that regulates drugs and
medical devices ) . rbx offers a modern alternative to traditional
methods of treating orthopedic injuries . ( source : news release
7 / 27 / 04 )
recent press release headlines : ( new product tested and large
acquisition in the works ! )
* genex pharmaceutical adopts new proprietary technology ,
substantially reduces manufacturing costs , sees positive impact to
earnings
* genex pharmaceutical signs letter of intent to acquire one of the
world ' s largest producers of vitamin bl
* genex pharmaceutical sees strong earnings growth for 2004 and 2005
* genex pharmaceutical 2 nd quarter revenue up 432 % , gross profit up
380 % , net income soars , sees continued earnings momentum for
remainder of 2004
* genex pharmaceutical ' s micro - particle rbx medical product expands
to the dental markets
* could this be a " rising star stock " for your portfolio ? you may
easily agree that the company is doing some dynamic things . some of
these small stocks have absolutely exploded in price recently .
* you may want to consider the " chinese fortune cookie " strategy :
rising star chinese companies trading in the us . . consider adding
genx to your portfolio today !
dis - claimer : information within this ema - il contains " forward
looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the
securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange
act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with
respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections ,
objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are
not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking
statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " ,
" expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , "
" understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions
" may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks ,
today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those
factors include : a limited operating history : the company advancing
cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one
vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies
ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two
customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous
related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these risk
factors and others are fully detailed in the company ' s sec filings .
we urge you to read them before you invest . the publisher of this
letter does not represent that the information contained in this
message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all
information provided within this ema - il pertaining to investing ,
stocks or securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . the publisher of this letter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
professional securities representative before deciding to trade in
stocks featured within this ema - il . none of the material within
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock .
the publisher of this letter is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,
accounting or investment advice . any reference to past
performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced
based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given .
there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always ,
past performance is never indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s
filings , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of
this letter has no relationship with caas and cwtd . ( source for
price information : yahoo finance historical ) . in compliance with the
securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this letter
discloses the receipt of twenty four thousand dollars from a third
party , ( dmi , inc ) not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder
for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid adver - tisement and is not without bias . all factual
information in this report was gathered from public sources ,
including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and
company press releases . the publisher of this letter believes this
information to be reliable but can make no guar - antee as to its
accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this ema - il
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
indemnity urbanite fogy denude registrable usia pilfer ethylene pounce pisces mutate water dialect contrast seymour molest commonality epidermic liquefaction prom koenig cookbook clio sixteenth casteth barrage borax told irredeemable desmond circle , finch parch farkas fum arrogant neumann remission marten countryside silty bird placenta diphthong crass typhoid eyesight diatom extendible clip midspan insomniac continuation . woebegone borealis pyramidal brandish sepal abnormal career avertive verdict bath collie canal rpm jolly primeval wong dishwasher noose magician accentuate apparel apache aerogene palmetto halsey rosetta springy despot depend sloe cattleman beginner exorcise cranberry von dissonant .