Subject: urgent reply
overseas stake lottery
international spain .
batch number : at - 036 sbo 6 - 03
dear sir / madam ,
we are pleased to inform you that as a result of our
recent lottery draw held on the 20 th dec . 2003 , your
email address attached to ticket number 29521463895
with serial number 612 - 642 draw lucky numbers
8 - 12 - 03 - 25 - 31 - 40 which consequently won the 2 nd
category for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 200 . 000 . 00
( one million two hunndred thousand united states
dollar ) .
note that all participants in this lottery program
have been selected randomly through a complete ballot
system drawn from over 25 , 000 . companies and 40 , 000
indiviadual email addresses from all search engine and
website .
this programmed take place every year and is
promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like
the sultan of brunei , king fad of saudi arabia ,
bill gates of microsoft inc . and other corporate organizations .
this is to encourage the use of the internet worldwide .
for security purpose and clearity , we advise that you
keep your wining information confidential until your
claims have been processed and your money remmited to
you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid
double claim and unwarranted abuse of this program by
some participant in our nest year usdl 0 millions
lottery .
you are requested to contact our clearance
officer below to assist you with your winnings and
subsequent payments . all winning must be claimed not
later than one month after the date of this notice .
please note , in order to avoid unnecessary delays and
complications , remember to quote your referance number
and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore ,
should there be any change of address do inform our
agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more
and thank you for being part of our program .
note : you are authomatically disqualified if you are
below 25 years of age .
all reply should be through my private email address :
hrrywilliam @ yahoo . com only for security reasons .
yours sincerel
mr williams harry ,
( lottery coordinator )
get your free she . com e - mail address at http : / / www . she . com
