Subject: tappa , new pennystock alert
queen mullins ,
introducing ' international pharmacy outlets inc . '
otcbb : ipcy
get in ipcy now ! huge news for ipcy after the closing bell on wednesday
microcap
marketing play of the week for our investors this week is
international pharmacy outlets inc . ( otcbb : ipcy ) .
if you tuned
inmonday you would have seen our last week play of the week , emtk
go from fridays ' s close of $ . 10 to a high of . 65 onwednesday .
that ' s a 600 % gain in just three days .
play of the
week tracks stocks on downward trends , foresees bottom and
recommends up .
speculative target price in
next 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 24 - 0 . 29
speculative target price in next 20 - 30 days : $ 0 . 39
international pharmacy outlets , inc . is publicly traded holding company whose
stock is traded over the counter under the trading symbol : ipcy . the company
operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries , caribbean marketing agencies ,
ltd . ( cma ) and accessrx c . s . s . a . ( http : / / www . access - call - / center . com ) . cma is
a wholesale importer / exporter of prescription drugs and a marketing and
advertising agency providing services to retail pharmacies and mail order
centers located throughout the caribbean that desire to sell prescription drugs
to caribbean tourists using the company ' s proprietary systems and turnkey
marketing and customer support programs . accessrx is a pharmaceutical customer
service center operating a multi - lingual 24 - hour call center for cma ' s retail
pharmacy and mail order pharmacy clients .
in july 2003 , cma entered into a five - year exclusive distributorship for
selected countries in the caribbean for cipla corporation (
http : / / www . cipla . com / ) , and the entire caribbean for their affiliate , nebumed .
the exclusive agreement also includes duty free shops worldwide , cruise ships
worldwide , native american indian reservations and u . s . military bases . cma
sells to pharmaceutical distributors , retail pharmacies , medical centers ,
hospitals , and government agencies throughout the caribbean . cma also provides
marketing and advertising services targeted to caribbean tourists traveling on
cruise ships or staying in caribbean resort hotels . cma also licenses caribbean
retail and mail order pharmacies to provide mail order fulfillment services to
caribbean tourists . accessrx was acquired to provide turnkey customer service
for cma licensed pharmacy outlets carrying its wholesale pharmaceutical
products .
stock summary
international pharmacy outlets , inc . , formerly symphony investments , inc . ,
changed names and changed management and control on september 14 , 2003 . the
controlling shareholders , ipo holding company , inc . , a nevada corporation , owns
20 million shares of preferred stock . on september 14 , 2003 , the company
acquired 100 % of the shares of caribbean marketing agencies , ltd . ( cma ) for 20
million restricted shares of common stock ( restricted under sec rule 144 ) . as of
the current date , the company has 23 , 554 , 194 shares of common stock outstanding ,
listed on the pink sheets . 2 , 004 , 194 shares are free trading and in the float
owned by approximately 934 shareholders . eight international pharmacy outlets ,
inc . directors were issued 100 , 000 restricted shares each for a total of 800 , 000
restricted shares . ipcy now has an established team of officers and directors
that provide a broad base of experience in the prescription drug industry , the
medical industry , and the import / export industry ( see management ) . the company
sold 750 , 000 shares of restricted stock in a private placement offering for
$ 135 , 000 and a third party simultaneously paid an additional $ 1 . 5 million cash
to the seller for the accessrx ' s viagra customer list .
microcap marketing play of the week . our trademark is our
uncanny ability to spot stocks that have bottomed - out and anticipate
their rebound and upward trend . most of the stocks we track rebound
and peak within just two days , giving investors opportunity to make
a few bucks back in such a highly volatile market .
certain statements contained in this
news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of
the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these
statements may be identified by such terms as expect , believe ,
may , will , explode , move , undervalued and intend or
similar terms . the information in the above statement could not be
100 % accurate and the newsletter is not responsible for this . we are
not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not
an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the
securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or
held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled
companies . this newsletter was paid $ 14300 in cash by third party to
publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk
and use of this information is for reading purposes only .
if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that
investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without
the proper advertisement from an attorney or a registered financial
broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do
additional independent research to form your own opinion and
decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised
that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the
loss of your entire investment . void where prohibited . the owners of
this publication or their partners may already own free trading
shares in ipcymay immediately sell all or a portion of these shares
into the open market at or about the time this report is published .
factual statements are made as of the date stated and are subject to
change without notice . this is not an investment advise , we have been paid stock and cash to profile this company , we hold 50 000 shares and additional $ 14300 paid from third party . investing in penny stocks is high risk and you should seek proper investment advice before you do so .
wangle input donate eurydice citadel sima shrunk dooley sarcoma stipend drugging precede rhenish cyanide coarse cumberland airmass heron mercy author resonate adolph actinic gordian rep cedric constructor emaciate cheeky del vertical seminal durer chuff woodpeck , kenneth distributive abide cossack transite cripple brock newsletter temper commotion blowup . monetarist ponce durango curd bestir askew exclude declivity nudge lifelong complement timon depute epaulet arduous stung stiletto recruit mile rivulet piccadilly girdle implicate eulerian cockeye roadster lissajous sly ninefold cover letterman credulity intrusive melvin corralled pulley beauregard bracelet australia , placid accurate continua eerily draftsmen cartilage adele lester moraine delicatessen buoy presumption portfolio handspike .