Subject: re : fbw , attention smallcap stox players .
kathrine hayden ,
homeland defense report
identifying defense and security stocks ready to explode
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks .
mrkl . 45 to 1 . 32 in 2 days , up 193 %
ugho . 54 to 3 . 53 in 2 days , up 553 %
grab this hot defense stock and cash in on a big stock dividend .
homeland security technology , inc . otc - hstj
immediate buy - huge news plus a 30 % stock dividend
current price . 013
target price for sept . 30 . 085
first it was gold , then oil , now homeland security is the explosive
sector turning savvy stock players into millionaires . hstj is our
homeland defense hot pick commanding immediate investor attention .
hstj is an extremely undervalued player in the hottest market sector
while simultaneously declaring a stock dividend of 30 % . we are
anticipating several revenue related news announcements and a surge
of activity by brokers and investors to participate in a massive
share price breakout . price and volume for hstj will be soaring as
word gets out revealing that shareholders will receive the 30 % stock
bonus which is roughly equal to a 4 for 3 stock split .
we have identified large block buying and active accumulation in
hstj that is linked to major corporate news events . hstj supplies
military combat gear for the us armed forces and was formed for this
purpose by highly decorated military leaders . not surprisingly , hstj
has experienced a strong increase in monthly orders . keep watch for
an expanded product line as hinted by the company in recent press in
conjunction with additional orders .
any issue involved in homeland defense with elite military
management , continuous contracts , exponential growth , and a stock
split or dividend is a launching pad for incredible profits . the
company has a market value under $ 1 million which we believe will
enable the stock to move very quickly as the value of their
contracts are revealed . we expect the 30 % stock dividend to create
an added frenzy by investors loading up before hstj goes through the
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsletter may be
future - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be
identified by such terms as expect , believe , may , will , and
intend or similar terms . we are not a register ed invest ment
expert or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell
securities . no recommendation that the securities of the company
profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or
entities that learn of the profiled company . this is an independent
electronic publication that was paid ten thousand dollars by a third
party for the preparation of this company information . be advised
that investments in small - cap companies are considered to be
high - risk and use of the information provided is for reading
purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor they are
advised not to invest without the proper advisement from a
registered financial broker . if any party decides to participate as
an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . be advised
that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the
loss of some or all of the investment . the publisher of this
newsletter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the completeness of
the company profile . investors should not rely solely on the
information presented . rather , investors should use the information
provided in this newsletter as a starting point for doing additional
independent research on the profiled company in order to form their
own opinion regarding investment . factual statements made about the
profiled company are made as of the date stated and are subject to
change without notice . investing in micro - cap securities is highly
speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . it is
possible that an investor ' s entire investment may be lost or
impaired due to the speculative nature of the company profiled . all
information provided about the profiled company has been obtained
from publicly available sources which may include the company ' s web
site , public filings , company press releases and informational web
sites provided by the actual exchanges where small - cap stocks are
traded .
silica stopband doorknob gail incomprehension insurmountable caviar annette danish grey imbrue panhandle coriander coverall cognition peptide doge exponent drug manfred .