Subject: re : nhc , smallcap stox can sizzle
kerry barrera ,
hampden group ( otc : hpng )
current price : 0 . 25
where were you when the following stocks exploded :
scos : exploded from . 39 on september 1 to 1 . 41 close on october 14 .
sior : september lst close of . 24 . blew through the roof as it
passed . 80 on friday .
face it . little stocks can mean big gains for you . this report is
part of a large pr campaign on this stock .
about the company :
the primary objective of hpng is to participate in specialty finance
within the public and private markets . hampden has partnerships
with finance and in surance companies to provide collateral backed
high yield short - term financing .
hampden is a unique finance company that uses new technologies to
help track and protect loan portfolio assets . the use of
sophisticated tracking technology significantly lowers the risk of
high yield lending and allows the company to benefit from unique
situations and under serviced investments . in addition to physical
asset backed lending , hampden grp . will also actively participate
in structured financial contracts with small public companies
through pipe ( private investment public entity ) transactions .
hampden plans to service private and small publicly traded companies
that have a need for short - term working capital and cannot obtain
traditional financing .
hampden ' s business plan provides collateralized financing to
its customers with annualized rates of return greater than 25 % . the
company ' s valuation , financial ratios , executive compensation , exit
strategy , and other management decisions are driven directly from
the business plan . ( source : news announcement 10 / 15 / 04 )
will hpng explode higher as more and more investors become aware of
the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too
late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and happy
trading .
information within this publication contains future looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act
of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any
statements that express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not
statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements .
future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results
or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
future looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements
indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many
microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that
raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern .
hampden group is not a reporting company registered under the
securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
available about the company . other factors include : an accumulated
deficit , a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent
quarter . the company is going to need financing . if that financing
does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit
a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information
provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material
within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock .
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment
expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal ,
tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past
performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced
based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given .
there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always ,
past performance is not indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s
filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the
publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with scos or sior .
in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the
publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of seven thousand
dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate
shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due
to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without
bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will
sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on
the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company
websites and company press releases . the publisher of this
newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no
assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material
within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
hail gangway juggle dane apt edmund tobacco encephalitis codify moot coset committeeman capitulate bucket commissariat bakery directrix extralegal hieratic buckthorn referring amok compendia , lithic cameraman jingle slosh believe ingestion crosswort nightcap barricade confidant calve electoral respiration neil intimacy quit colloidal waylay attract winston bellamy .