Subject: doing business with you
mr . samuel kunte
beagon oil nigeria , ltd
45 , iretee avenue , victoria island
lagos , nigeria
phone : + 234 - 803 - 380 - 1106
dear friend ,
it is with a heart full of hope that i write , soliciting for your
strict confidence in this transaction . this is by virtue of its nature
as being confidential and top secret . i feel quite safe dealing with
you in this business proposition , having gone through your remarkable
profile on the internet . though , this medium ( internet ) has been greatly
abused , i choose to reach you through it because it still remains the
fastest , surest and most secured medium of communication . however ,
this correspondence is official and private , and it should be treated
as such . i also guarantee you that this deal is hitch free from all what
you may think of .
i am an accountant with beagon nigeria , ltd . foreign oil company based
in lagos , nigeria . beagon was involved in prospecting , drilling and
bunkering of oil at high sea ( offshore ) , with expatriate consisting
majority of the staff strength . unfortunately , these expatriates got
into an illegal sale of oil and the money from it transferred through a
security company out of the country but with a security stamp on it .
the federal government of nigeria discovered the illegal deal , and
revoked their license and the expatriates were repatriated . so , by
virtue of my position as the accountant of the company , i have in my
possession the documents containing information about the trunk box
deposited with the security company . the content of this box is thirty
two million united states dollars ( us $ 32 m ) .
i have put in an application with the security company to transfer the
box to their correspondence office abroad , which they have obliged .
and being that this deal was been carried out by foreign firm , i need a
trustworthy foreigner like you that will assist me to a logical
conclusion of this pending business which both of us will bound to
benefit earnestly . all i need from you is to stand before the security
company and sign as one of expatriates to enable you claim the money
and pay it into your bank account .
please , note that this transaction is 100 % risk - free , for every
machineries has been put in place for successful conclusion . note , i
have with me all the necessary documents that will prove that the
money is for you . i expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to
keep my own share , when the money hit your account .
we hereby agree to compensate your sincere and candid effort in this
regard with 20 % of the fund after the transfer and 5 % ( percent ) will be
set aside for any expenses both local and international transportation ,
telephone bills etc , while 75 % will be for me and two of my colleagues .
this deal will be concluded within seven ( 7 ) working days as soon as
you indicate your readiness to assist in this beneficial transaction .
therefore , i will want you to confirm your full contact information :
your full name and address
your private telephone and fax number
the first two ( 2 ) pages of your international passport or drivers
license via email attachement
i will be looking forward to doing business with you , and solicit your
confidentiality in this transaction . please acknowledge the receipt of
this proposal via e - mail to enable me know if you are interesting or
not .
yours , faithfully ,
mr . samuel kunte
tele : 234 - 803 - 380 - 1106
prvt : ( skunte 775 @ yahoo . de )
