Subject: the microcap journal and review
techlite , inc ( otcbb - thlt )
shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / 04 )
current price : . 81
acquisitions expected to add approximately 5 million in sales over the next 12 to 18 months . ( source : news friday 11 / 5 / 04 )
thlt has been moving higher the last few weeks . is this the beginning of a major move ? because what matters once you acquire a stock is that it moves . and all that will matter is that the stock is on the move . and that mo ney is constantly moving into the stock . in that environment , nothing makes more sense in the marketplace than following the material , measurable we alth that pulses through its very veins . go check it out yourself . ( remember , past performance is not indicative of future results ) .
a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . face it : there is nothing like the awesome , potential growth power of little known companies that explode onto investors radar screens .
about techlite , inc .
techlite , inc . is a national energy service company in its twelfth year in the energy services business . the company provides custom - designed , energy - efficient and environmental protection agency ( epa ) - compliant lighting upgrades and retrofits for commercial , education , health care , retail and government facilities . techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program facilitates upgrades in compliance with the eps ' s green lights emission reduction program and the new federal energy law requiring elimination of inefficient lighting products . industry sources estimate this market at approximately 3 billion existing light fixtures and a potential 100 billion national lighting retrofit industry . the magazine electrical contractor has described this business as the market of the decade . ( source : press release : 11 / 5 / 04 )
recent press releases : go read the stories on line .
* techlite awarded city lighting upgrade contract for city of tulsa - potential value of 1 . 5 million .
* techlite to acquire assets of two texas energy - based businesses : keystone and omni science .
* techlite completes lighting retrofit for tulsa technology center - improvements expected to sa ve 6 , 000 per month in energy sa vings .
* techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program takes a bite out of commercial lighting bills .
certain statements in this news release may contain future looking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the companies , are future looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personally assured company debt , tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two lawsuits , a nominal cash position and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detailed in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . all information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
