Subject: dear friend ,
dear friend ,
i wish to begin by way of introduction . i am williems tomu the first and only surviving son of late marc tomu one of the foremost and rich black farmers in zimbabwe recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe .
before the death of my father , he had taken me to johannesburg - south africa , to deposit the sum of us $ 24 million ( tweenty four million united states dollars ) in one of the private security companies , as family valuables . when he realized the looming danger in zimbabwe .
this amount was meant for the purchase of new machineries and chemicals for the farms and also for the establishment of new farms in swaziland .
this land dispute started when president robert mugabe introduced a new land reform , which was particularly targeted at the rich white farmers and a few black farmers ( my father included ) . this resulted in the gruesome killing of rich farmers ( mainly whites ) and the unlawful possession of their properties by mugabe ? s war veterans , under the disguise of fighting for the
interest of the country .
it is against this background that i fled the country with my family , to the netherlands where we are currently seeking asylum .
i have decided to seek foreign assistance , as the netherlands law prohibits asylum seekers from operating bank accounts or involve in financial transaction of any kind , hence this letter to you .
all i need is your trustworthiness to be able to entrust the above said amount and help me with investment opportunities . my family ? s survival depends on this money as we have virtually lost all our assets .
there are two options , firstly , you can choose to accept 30 % of the total amount for your assistance or go into partnership for the proper investment of the money in your country .
we shall discuss in detail the modalities involved when you reply providing me with your telephone fax numbers .
i await your reply through this email below willamstomuj @ netscape . net , ) ( williamstomul @ netscape . net ) while i implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required to ensure a safe and hitch free transaction .
i shall furnish you with more details on request .
yours truly
mr . williems tomu
