Subject: personal
win hang bank ltd
253 - 259 castle peak road ,
cheung sha wan ,
kowloon , hong kong .
reply destinyl 21212121 @ netscape . net
i am mr . srichai pope , credit officer of win hang bank ltd . i have an urgent and
very
confidential business proposition for you .
on august 6 , 1999 , a british consultant / contractor with the chinese solid minerals
corporation , mr . philip brian a british citizen made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit
for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 38 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty - eight million
dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent aroutine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply .
after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract
employers , the hong kong solid minerals corporation that mr . philip brian died from
a boat mishap . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a
will , and all attempts totrace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made
further investigation and discovered that mr . philip brian did not declare any kin or
relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my
bank . this sum of us $ 38 , 000 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is
being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever
come forward to claim it . according to laws of hong kong , at the expiration of 5
( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the hong kong
government if nobody applies to claim the fund .
consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the
next of kin to mr . philip brian so that the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not get
into the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to
provide immediately your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare
the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of
kin .
the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 65 % for me
and 30 % for you and 5 % for expenses incurred in the course of the transaction .
there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the
attorney and with my position as the credit officer guarantees the successful
execution of this transaction .
if you are interested , please reply immediately to my e - mail
box . destinyl 21212121 @ netscape . net
upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details and relevant
documents that will help you understand the transaction . please send me your
confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . you should
observe utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be
most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my
share in your country . awaiting your urgent reply .
sincerely
mr . srichai pope .
