Subject: the investor ' s toolbox
mcintyre ,
iogn - get in now - will explode by christmas - this stock is undiscovered stock gem
get in iogn now ! huge news - istorage networks , inc . receives orders for its network storage products
iogn issue will explode in next 2 - 3 days - big pr campaign underway
watch out for it . jump on board on wednesday by friday . . stock expected to soar - read news at the end of this profile . it will explode ! !
speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39
speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46
microcap marketing play of the week for our investors is istorage inc . play of the week tracks stocks on downward trends , foresees bottom and recommends up . iogn is our next profile :
iogn * * iogn * * iogn * *
istorage inc . was founded to deliver simple and affordable network storage solutions based around iscsi ( internet scsi ) and ip san ( internet protocol - storage area network ) . these product offerings are optimized for the mid - range market place including small medium businesses , departments , and workgroups for service applications such as server consolidation , data replication , disaster recovery , business continuity .
the key to istorage products is simplicity . easy to install . easy to manage . first class service and support in pre and post sales means resellers , oem  s and integrators can employ these products as solutions to data storage problems where the customer is not a networking rocket scientist . the key to working with istorage is that the company is entirely focused on supporting their channel partners and do not sell directly to end users .
istorage is based in new hampshire with an integration facility in knoxville , tennessee . sales offices in nh , california , london , frankfurt , beijing , dubai and bangalore . .
speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39
speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46
news
gilford , n . h . , dec 20 , 2004 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - istorage networks , inc . ( pink sheets : iogn ) announced today that it has been issued purchase orders valued at $ 90 , 000 ( ninety thousand usd ) for its network storage products .
about istorage networks :
istorage networks , inc . develops and markets network storage solutions that are specifically designed for the small to medium business . computer activity has obviously grown over the last few years , especially driven by electronic mail ( e - mail ) . this demand is further propagated by digital photos , video files and new high image applications . federal requirements for audit trails , medical records and as well as security , add to this acceleration for the need of network storage capacity . istorage with its expertise and experience in the worldwide storage industry , coupled with its technology and channel partners , can deliver products that are simple to use and affordable to meet these needs .
istorage products utilize a new and emerging technology called iscsi . iscsi , is an ip ( internet protocol ) based standard for linking data storage devices over a network and transferring the users data . from the storage side , iscsi uses the scsi command set , the core storage commands used throughout all storage configurations . on the networking side , iscsi uses ip and ethernet , which are the basis for most corporate networks . this revolutionary technology utilizes a standard disk drive interface and internet communications techniques , and provides an easy method for user ' s to manage data .
the purchase orders have been issued through the company ' s international resellers for projects in the automotive manufacturing and petrochemical refinery industry . these orders are the result of our efforts to date in developing the worldwide sales channel for our product offerings , said roger kirkland , vp sales and marketing for istorage . he also added the company is well positioned to support the growing marketplace in the small to medium business sector . these orders are for immediate shipment
speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39
speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46
read below before you invest : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of iogn shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 21300 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .
