Subject: check this stock - it ' s going thru the roof
gibbons ,
news after the close
tiger team technologies ( 0 tc - ttmt )
leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 )
current price : $ . 125
many of you may agree : this is an exciting industry
reasons to consider ttmt tuesday : news after the close friday
press release source : tiger team technologies corporation
tiger team technologies forms group in india for medical billing and transcription services friday january 14 , 4 : 54 pm et
st . paul , minn . , jan . 14 / prnewswire / - - tiger team technologies corporation ( pink sheets : ttmt - news ) is pleased to announce that it has formed a wholly owned group in india to provide medica | biliing and transcription services .
tiger team wil | offer these services over its secure servers and data centers in the united states via vpn ( coded security system ) . this strategy enables tiger team to leverage its hipa compiiant servers , software , and data centers in the us with the most competitive cost structure in the industry , thereby giving the company a | eg up on the competition . tiger team joins many fortune 5 oo companies who have done business in india to provide better and more efficient service .
about ttmt
tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technologies . t 3 has exclusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded eiectronic fiie transmission in accordance with federa | mandated hippa compliance requirements . this transiates to tota | patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the | iabiiity and medica | premiums piaced on providers . based in st . pau | , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individua | medica | practices by | everaging this exclusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services .
watch this stock trade tuesday ! go check it out for yourself at your favorite financia | site . do you think it can go higher from here ? good luck . .
information within this email contains forward | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information available about the company . other factors inciude a | imited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reiiance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not | imited to , the ability of the company to compiete a planned bridge financing , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiable , shouid be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of twenty eight thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | seil at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter believes this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our l i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - )
