Subject: the daiiy shares barometer
breaking news aiert
emerson oil and gas , inc . ( 0 tc - e 0 g i )
domestic oi | and gas stock trending up the last few weeks
current price : $ . 2 o
eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 3 oth .
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one thursday as we know many of you
like momentum . .
reasons to consider e 0 g i ( source : recent news announcements )
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - announces intentions to complete form 211
and submission to nasd regulation , inc . otc compliance unit
* emerson oi | and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natura | gas acquisition
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additiona | step out
opportunities on its louisiana property .
* emerson oil and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - completion
weil .
about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 20 o 5 )
emerson oi | gas holds a 5 o % working interest in the w . t . davis weil
and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish ,
louisiana . the net revenue interest of the lease is 75 % . the w . t . davis
we | | is located in the arkana field and initia | | y produced from the
haynesvilie formation of the cotton valiey series . with the worldwide
focus on energy needs being front and center in the public eye , emerson
feeis that with its first ciass management and discretionary project
choices , the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders wel | .
watch this stock trade thursday and good luck .
information within this emai | contains forward | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations ,
beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
forward looking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by
statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with
many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that
raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . emerson
oi | and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the
securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information
avaiiable about the company . other factors include : the company had no revenue
in its most recent quarter and is not currently revenue producing . the
company has a nomina | cash position . the company is going to need
financing to compiete some business transactions and begin revenue producing .
if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to
continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire
investment . other factors inciude general economic and business conditions , the
abiiity to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the abiiity to fund
operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and
other factors over which emerson oi | and gas inc . has littie or no
contro | . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not
omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to
investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona |
securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as
any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies
are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing
in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as
| egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past
performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based
on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect
timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no
assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne
ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort ,
inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiabie , should be
completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of
1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt
of sixty two thousand five hundred do | | ars from a third party , not an
officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is
not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they
wil | se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact
on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was
gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company
websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter
believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its
accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai |
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our | i s t , please gohere
( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - )
