Subject: the daily stock barometer
investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j
breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the ciose - watch
out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current price : $ o . 12
projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42
projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 6 o
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company selis primariiy through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
building homes in the $ 30 ok , and up range .
lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of deveioping its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology
companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technology industry .
current price : $ 0 . 12
current status
lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , syslync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has
annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to double its monthly
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an
additional $ 2 . 5 million in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of
$ 50 - 75 million by 2 oo 7 . lauraan will be recognized for its quality of
service , value provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( lauraan ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their wholiy - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has
completed an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of
home and commercia | security systems , to service their residentia |
accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the sole
instalier for new instaliations of residential alarms for certicom and
wil | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too .
sysiync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred
provider of home technology products and services for atlanta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range .
these two agreements wil | more than double the homes we touch
throughout the atlanta area , stated david watson , genera | manager of syslync ,
and the agreements wil | provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue
streams important to our profitability .
lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that
offers buiiders and homeowners a singie source for their audio / video ,
home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its
company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with builders
and home 0 wners , to design and install home technoiogy soiutions that f
i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget .
safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press reiease contains forward - looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of
1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of
1934 , as amended ( the exchange act ) , and as such , may involve risks and
uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and describe future pians , strategies , and expectations , are
generaliy identifiable by the use of words such as believe , expect ,
intend anticipate , estimate , project , or simiiar expressions .
these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things ,
expectations of the business environment in which the company operates ,
projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived
opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s
mission and vision . the company ' s actual resuits , performance , and
achievements may differ materia | | y from the resuits , performance , and
achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a
wide range of factors which are set forth in our annua | report on form lo - ksb on file with the sec .
read this | ega | notes before you do anything else :
information within this email contains forward | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua | resuits or events to differ materia | | y from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , beiieves , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | .
none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does
not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news
release by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of l r c j
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks
and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from
those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a
solicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid
$ 19560 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our
express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take
position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as expect , believe , may , wiil , move , undervalued and
intend or simiiar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuliy piaced in our | i s t , please gohere
( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - )
