Subject: uptick sharess
mnei - the best small cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile
and the news of this company and you will see for yourseif
this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
miilennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , ciear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
local affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below
news . . miliennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire
match point , inc . owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is realiy possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you wiil see why )
miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns ,
partially or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
caiifornia and washington dc .
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miliennium national
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
calendar inciudes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3
is reaily possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you wi | | see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miilennium
nationa | events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered
into negotiations to acquire al | or part of a working interest in match
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
mi | | ennium internationa | tennis tournament .
miliennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc .
event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
acquisition negotiations .
both local delray beach - based companies could integrate the two
entities . basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe
we couid be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies ,
said robert mcaliister , ceo president of mi | | ennium national events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations ,
we are considering miliennium ' s offers and believe that there could be
a possible f i t here for our company and our share holders .
mca | | ister also feeis the purchase of match point is a good move for
both miilennium sharehoiders and match point . this acquisition is
consistent with our overa | | business pian . it has aiways been our intent to
target and acquire successfu | , high - profile events and their promoters ;
we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation
is the key , not only to our bottom line , but also to the success of
each individua | event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the
match point acquisition ultimately being abie to bring net revenues to
mnei ' s bottom | ine .
mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the abiiity to
attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of
yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in
this quarter .
the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach
tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc includes top
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michae | gambiil and james blake . aiso entered in the
tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time
millennium itc finalist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
ricardo me | | o ( brazil ) . the tournament sti | | hoids two wildcards that can
be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event .
read this lega | info
information within this email contains forward | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
occur . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing ,
stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email .
none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from
the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . p
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of mnei
shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent
conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to
profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and
uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materialiy from those
set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a
solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid
$ 52600 from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as expect , believe , may , wiil , move , undervaiued and
intend or similar terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere
( - stoxo 006 @ yahoo . com - )
