Subject: featured company earns highest rating of the year
tiger team technoiogies ( otc - t t m t )
leading developer of a unique patented process for
transforming business operations of medica | service
providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 )
current price : - $ o . 08
reasons to consider t t m t : ( source : company website )
* tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading deveioper
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art
communication hardware and software technologies . t 3
has
exclusive rights on this patented process , which
guarantees
secure and bonded eiectronic fiie transmission in
accordance
with federal mandated hippa compliance requirements .
this
translates to total patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the | iability and medica | premiums piaced on
providers . based in st . paul , mn , the company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individual medical practices by leveraging this
exciusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medica |
community to outsource existing services .
* capitaiizing on increasing demand for hippa compiiant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions ,
including all
| icenses and certifications required for handiing
medical files
and performing transcription services .
* employing t 3 s exclusive and patented process
designed
to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $ 2 , 50 o
per
transmission .
* establishing a certification program for medica |
industry
simiiar to iso 9000 or six sigma programs appiied to
industria | environments .
* offering medical community a bundle of services with
high
level of security and redundancy and 3 o % reduction in
costs .
* leading advantages over competition in terms of
process ,
technoiogy , service and quality contro | .
recent news :
* tiger team technologies forms group in india for
medica | billing and transcription services
* tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large
insur @ nce carrier ; retains an auditor
* tiger team technologies moves forward in becoming a
reporting company
* tiger team technoiogies announces its intention to be
a fu | | y reporting company
watch for more news that may impact the stock . .
watch this stock trade thursday ! ! good luck .
information within this emai | contains forward
looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica |
fact and may be forward looking statements . forward
| ooking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invoive a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or
events to differ materia | | y from those presently
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wil | ,
anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands
or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . as with many
microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue
as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is | imited information
available about the company . other factors inciude a
| imited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since
its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and
no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not
currently an operating company . the company is going
to need financing . if that financing does not occur ,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could | ose your entire
investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but
are not | imited to , the ability of the company to
complete a pianned bridge financing , market
conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s
products and technoiogies , competitive factors ,
timing , and other risks associated with their
business . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states ail material facts or does not omit a
materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein
not misieading . ail information provided within this
emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter
advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai | . none of the materia |
within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or soiicitation . many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose
all your money by investing in this stock . the
publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view
information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past
performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to
be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to
acheive the results in the examples given . there can
be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including
a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiable , should
be completed prior to investing . in compliance with
the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher
of this newsletter discioses the receipt of thirty one
thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer ,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation
of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias . the party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wiil sel | at anytime without notice .
this could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock . a | | factua | information in this report was
gathered from pubiic sources , including but not
| imited to company websites and company press
releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes
this information to be reiiable but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of
the materia | within this emai | constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y placed in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 009 @ yahoo . com - )
