Subject: subscribers receive first notice on run - away stocks
traders ' monthly alert
january pick ( bmxg ) exploded from . 20 to 2 . 07 ,
a gain of over 900 % in 6 days ( 1 / 18 - 1 / 24 ) !
our next pick is an incredible find that will
outperform all others based on their solid
numbers , huge sales backlog , $ 2 billion in
financing , low outstanding shares , and a deal
with chinese government - run companies totaling
$ 10 billion !
urgent buy at any price :
global environmental energy corp .
otcbb - geec
current price - 1 . 90
running to - 6 . 00
geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj
diversified industrials index in the last 2 months . this
is a dow jones industry index that also contains 3 m , ge ,
and honeywell .
we are sending this urgent investor bulletin revealing the
most undervalued pick on the otcbb to our millions of
subscribers for substantial profits immediately !
geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume
indicating heavy accumulation of shares . this is a sign of
even bigger things to come for this emerging world leader
in the conversion of waste materials into electrical energy ,
an industry with such high global demand that it is impossible
to assign a value to the size of the market .
geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their
biosphere process system for the disposal of a wide variety
of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major
impact on the global waste problem . this profitable and
environmentally safe process converts into clean , green
electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste ,
agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes ,
industrial wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural
gas , and the huge market of used tires .
geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity
from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is
then sold to replenish the local or national grid .
the biosphere process succeeds in filling an urgent worldwide
need for cost - effective renewable energy sources and a
corresponding universal need to solve critical problems in the
disposal of waste . geec has secured international acceptance
for a revolutionary product designed to significantly impact
the global waste problem while a major push for generating
electricity from alternative sources continues to be the hot
topic due to shortages and massive power failures .
geec just announced a $ 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with
chinese government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal
mining ( nyse - yzc , $ 74 ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 300
geec biosphere systems deployed throughout china to fulfill
an urgent need for waste disposal and energy generation , two
critical areas for a country with a population exceeding 1 . 3
billion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues ,
a shortfall of 500 million kilowatts exists annually , prompting
periodic blackouts in all chinese provinces . geec is in line
to profit substantially while providing relief from unmanageable
municpal solid waste disposal and simultaneously helping china
meet its energy needs .
the forecast for geec is crystal clear , and this is just the tip
of the iceberg for this emerging worldwide leader where shares
should be added immediately to every portfolio . we expect a
continuous flow of huge news announcements while shares still
represent an uncommon value for a company of this caliber . look
for the continuation of strong positive developments that will
ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for the most
explosive gains on wall street .
traders ' monthly alert ( tma ) is not a registered investment
advisor or broker dealer . certain statements contained in this
newsletter may be forward - looking statements within the meaning
of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such
terms as expect , believe , may , will , and intend or
similar terms may identify these statements . past performance
is not an indicator of future results . this is not an offer to
buy or sell securities . tma is an independent publication that
was paid nine thousand dollars by a third party for the
continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information .
investors are advised to seek proper guidance from a financial
advisor or a registered financial broker . investors should use
the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point
for gathering additional information on the profiled company to
allow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment .
investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and
carries an extremely high degree of risk and may result in the
loss of some or all of the investment .
