Subject: smoking can kill you ! stop in two weeks - guaranteed !
do something to help yourself -
quit smoking in 2 weeks ! you can do it . ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! )
the finalsmoke system was designed to help you conquer
all aspects of your smoking habit . it ' s powerhouse
proprietary all - herbal formula is the very backbone
of the finalsmoke system .
it removes your cravings to smoke and relieves the symptoms associated
with nicotine withdrawal . in less than 14 days , you will be completely smoke - free ,
and on your way to healthy living .
http : / / gdprods . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! )
read a few testimonials -
i love your product ! ! !
i have smoked for 40 + years , and i quit cold turkey .
basically , i took final smoke , and a couple of hours later tried
to smoke a cigarette . but i was absolutely sick from it !
i now can keep up enjoy my grandchildren without coughing wheezing ! !
thank you ! ! ! - mary t . goddard , ks
this system works ! ! ! i ' ve wanted to quit smoking for some time now ,
but the physical cravings always kept me back ; but with this system ,
my cravings were gone , and now so is my awful habit ! ! - kai e . clinton , ny
http : / / gdprods . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! )
i was skeptical when i ordered your product .
i was a smoker for 32 years and had tried everything . on april 17 th
at 12 : 00 pm , i finished my last cigarette in my last pack . after taking the first 2 pills ,
i have not touched another cigarette . on march 15 , 1991 i turned 35 years old .
6 days later i had a severe heart attack . after in the hospital for 9 days i walked
out and started smoking again . i sat with my dad for a year till he died of lung
cancer in 1997 and i still smoked even as i watched him waste away .
until i started fina lsmoke i felt that within 5 years i ' d be dead and gone .
but now i feel alive again . more energy and even happier than i have been in years .
and i owe it all to you and your great product . you have changed my life forever
and for that i can never repay you . thank you . - ronnie davenport oklahoma city , ok
exactly what i needed . . . this is a great system ! i knew cigarettes were packed
with poisons but i didn ' t know just how many or what kind there were !
the final smoke capsules were the best . every time i lit up a cigarette ,
i threw it away before half of it was smoked , usually only 2 - 3 puffs .
it made me feel sick and nauseous to smoke these poisons !
this is exactly what i needed to help me stop ! i ' ve been trying
to quit for the past 7 years , i tried everything under the sun with no results .
with final smoke i was smoke free in under a month ! - e . okamura , hawaii
http : / / gdprods . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) )
want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email .
copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm
computer technologies
848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316
las vegas , nv 89107
