Subject: real - time alert for hot stock feature
us oi | and gas report
oil climbs , gains soar
we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy piays .
look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks :
sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 %
prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 %
like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oi | piay is on the fast - track
to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the oil
beit .
emerson oil and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 40 in lo days
oil prices continue to explode and ignite the shares of major producers
which is followed by soaring undervalued otc oi | plays . widespread
gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfolios of aggressive otc
investors . due to recentiy acquired high - potential oi | and gas projects ,
eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a cash - fiow positive leader in major oil - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , muitiple driiling programs have been solidified
through valuabie strategic a | | iances . these expioration partnerships
enable the company to accumuiate substantia | working interests being
deveioped into a continuously expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on
joint - ventures invoiving well re - entry programs in extremely prolific
production areas using the highest | evel of technology currently
avaiiabie .
recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as al | 6 dow
jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest levels of the year , with
energy stocks outperforming all other market sectors . the company ' s oi |
and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their
deveioping natural gas wells in aiberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in
value with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 60 % in crease is
likeiy next year .
we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding
production figures on muitipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
plans are on track to acquire additional prospects and properties that can
oniy add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in
this undervaiued oil play . with a very smal | float estimated at less than
5 miilion shares , eogi should gap sharply to the upside on heavy voiume
as the vaiue of their current oil deais are revealed .
us oi | and gas report cautions that sma | | and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or al | of the investment can be lost .
we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initial starting point for conducting
research and due diiigence on the featured company in order to determine an
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
advisor , financia | planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for saie or
solicitation of any attempt to acquire or se | | securities . us oil and gas
report has been given nineteen thousand doilars from a third party for
the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements
and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place
undue reiiance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties
that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in
those statements .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 034 @ yahoo . com - )
