Subject: winning with small - cap daily trading .
small - cap homerun newsletter
high - priority status : immediate triple predicted
cdyv profits soaring , company forecasts
they will be acquired in takeover
exciting new issue - get in now
unknown and undervalued publishing /
advertising leader projecting ' 05 - ' 06
sales of 30 million , . 42 eps
cody ventures corp . otc - cdyv
price range : . 35 - . 45
10 - day target : 1 . 20
major breaking news : cdyv expands publication into the
dallas / ft . worth , texas metroplex area resulting in
circulation of 3 million copies monthly . revenues to
exceed 30 mill annually with nearly
15 mill bottom - line profit .
cdyv positioned as likely takeover candidate by the
always acquisition - minded leaders of the publishing
industry capturing sales of 20 billion .
cdyv is the leading advertising , printing , and publishing
company in texas specializing in the very high - profit
sector of community - based weekly publications . as master
publisher for the state of texas , cdyv reaches 22 million
people , 254 counties , and over 3 , 100 towns and cities
with their tidbits publication featuring local
advertising in dozens of areas including entertainment ,
real estate / housing , consumer goods and services , and
major retailers like walgreens and dollar general .
cdyv has been in business 4 years and has grown quickly ,
now it is time for them to explode in the public markets .
cdyv is new to the stock market , having gone public in a
very quiet manner . so you have a very brief period to
get in at or near the bottom before share prices soar on
increased investor awareness . there are very few companies
that have perfected this niche of advertising platform
with none being publicly offered starting out at less than
50 cents per share .
monthly circulation has jumped from 500 , 000 to 3 million
with the additional expansion into dallas / ft . worth ,
translating into over 9 million readers monthly and
achieving an additional 17 million in annual revenues
from the metroplex area alone . cdyv will also provide the
necessary printing services for 150 other national
publishers in their respective states resulting in another
9 . 5 million in yearly sales , with 50 % to the bottom - line ,
on top of their already explosive , record - shattering figures .
the publishing industry has always been an active leader in
mergers , takeovers , and acquisitions . dow jones ( dj , 37 . 00 ,
pe 32 ) , gannett ( gci , 79 . 00 , pe 16 ) , knight - ridder
( kri , 65 . 00 , pe 16 ) , and tribune co . ( trb , 40 . 00 , pe 24 )
are just a few examples of industry leaders that have spent
billions over the last few years acquiring aggressive and
profitable newspaper chains and publishing companies . cdyv
represents the epitome of an attractive buyout target as
their pe is 1 based on 12 - 18 month sales and earnings
figures . the industry average pe is 20 , indicating that a
share price of 5 . 00 for cdyv would be a very conservative
valuation .
it is only a matter of time before detailed information is
released out into the investment community . by receiving
this email , you are among the first public investors to
know about cdyv . get in now before the crowds take it to
the moon .
please read - the information and opinions in this featured
profile are based on sources believed to be reliable but no
representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past
performance is not an indicator of future results . this
report is a paid profile for information purposes only and
should not be used as the basis for any investment decision .
this newsletter has been compensated ten thousand dollars
for the preparation of this profile and for continuing cover
age of the featured company . newsletter publishers are not
investment advisors and this profile is not to be considered
investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation
to buy nor an offer to sell securities . information herein
contains future - looking statements that are subject to
significant risks and uncertainties . there are no shares
presently held and no participation will occur in the
trading of shares in any profiled company .
