Subject: stock opportunities
the u . s . oil
report
( hot news flash today - this one is moving ) " a
premium market related service " attn : subscribers ,
stockbrokers , analysts investors
tradestar corporation ( otc : tirr )
symbol
tirr est . shares outstanding
38 , 000 , 000 est .
float
2 , 000 , 000
recent
price
$ 0 . 69
tirr is up over
70 % in the past two weeks ! ! !
tradestar
corporation ( tirr ) finishes recompletion of karnes county tx oil well bringing
on 35 bpd in production ! ! !
readers who have
followed oil stock recommendations ( otcbb : svse and asurf ) in the past have
profited nicely . the company tradestar corp . ( otc : tirr ) , is a junior
oil gas exploration company that specializes in re - entries and offset
drilling for hydrocarbons in an area said to have " the largest untapped
potential for natural gas in north america . " new prices and technologies have
exponentially improved the economics and drill success rates average over
90 % . tradestar corp . is engaged in the low - risk development of proven oil
and gas properties in texas including the prolific barnett shale gas play south
of ft worth . the rapid oil and gas price increases and recent advances in
economical drilling , completion and production techniques , have resulted in :
1 accelerated development activity and increased land lease
values in this extremely productive area .
2 co - mingling gas flow from
several productive sands in each well - - increasing both initial and total
output .
3 the opportunity to drill new offset
wells - - where success rates are typically over 90 % . ( using oil @ $ 35 . 00 and gas
@ $ 4 . 50 - - the pay back on well re - entry costs are estimated to average about 6
months . oil is currently $ 48 and gas $ 6 ! ! ! !
tirr ' s strategy is to strike oil again !
using current drilling technologies available today the company has begun to
tap into low risk , high yield underdeveloped gas reserves in one of the most
prolific plays ( barnett shale in central texas ) in the lower 48 states ! ! !
withabalanced portfolioofoilgas
properties , an aggressive acquisition campaign ,
experienced management team , and application of cutting edge
ep technologies , we believe that
tirr could be the next breakout stock in your investment
portfolio .
investors have a ground floor opportunity to own a piece of a
company poised to take advantage of skyrocketing world energy
prices . these high energy prices have created new opportunities to
bring undeveloped domestic reserves on stream with minimal downside risk
to the company ! ! ! !
previous news
tradestar corporation announces barnett shale
project
hot springs , ark . , - - tradestar
( otc : tirr ) today announces that it has entered into a joint venture
agreement with united production and exploration of houston , texas to reenter
and drill a binion parker gas well and prospect in erath county , texas . in
addition to the gas well reentry , the prospect , which covers 111 acres , has an
additional location to drill a new well . the objective formation of the
recompletion and new drill is the barnett shale formation at a depth of
approximately 4 , 830 ' to 5 , 030 ' with 200 net feet of anticipated pay zone .
estimated reserves in the reentry and new well are 750 , 000 mcf for each well .
why
we love this stockl . continued
rise in world oil gas
prices ! 2 . over 30 potential oil gas producing sites in the prolific
barnett shale of central texas 3 . strong industry investment banking
relationships 4 . strong management - over
50 years of experience in the oil
patch 5 . multiple leaseholds and joint venture partners
6 . tight float ,
low entry price strong upward potential ! 7 .
business model offers only
real solution to u . s . dependency on foreign oil .
8 . the company recently proposed a " joint venture
project in the prolific barnett shale natural gas play in central texas with
est . reserves of over 10 trillion cubic ft of gas !
conclusion
tradestar corp . ( tirr ) is getting ready to become a major
presence in oil gas fields across texas . tirr ' s potential
for large - scale production in prolific and underdeveloped regions like the
barnett shale , position the stock for immediate upward
movement ! ! ! we believe that tirr is in position to take
the petroleum industryby storm . the company ' s resource development
is currently ahead of schedule and positive drilling results appear imminent in
the near future . revenues are up 50 % over the lst quarter of last
year . don ' t miss this fantastic opportunity . for more
information on tirr , go to www . tradestar - corp . com for sec filings
or press releases .
this is one of our top recommendations this year . we
are giving tirr our seal of approval .
read this
: information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b
of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections ,
objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
historical fact and maybe " forward looking statements . forward looking
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the
statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , "
" believes , " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements
indicating certain actions " may , " could , " or " might " occur . all
information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice .
u . s . oil report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in
stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall
be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the
interpretation of the writer of this newsletter about the news published by the
company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ
from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . lookat the
news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in
it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of tirr
shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the
liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive
statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares ,
there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions .
readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results
to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking
statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email
shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any
security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid
400 , 000 shares from a third party to send this report . all statements made
are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes
forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , "
believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar
terms . remv frm list cpy / paste
