Subject: goldeditor : resource opportunities profiles elgin resources ( elr - tsx )
www . goldeditor . com
lawrence roulston ,
editor of resource opportunities newsletter , is one of the few editors we
follow who is a geologist . we find his copy more conservative than most , and
respect his researched opinion . his recent profile of elgin resources ( elr : tsx ) , a platinum
company , was important for us to read , because we know he followed aquarius
platinum earlier . aquarius is a highly successful company on the london stock exchange . thank you lawrence for allowing us to share your knowledge of
geology and platinum with our subscribers .
lawrence
roulstons
resource opportunities
. . . discovering
value in natural resource stocks
elgin
resources
( elr - tsx )
extracted from the march 2005 - 1 issue
elgin
is in the process of merging with jonpol to create a company with substantial
platinum interests and near - term production potential .
the combined company will have in excess of 12 million
ounces of platinum group metals to its credit , all in the measured and
indicated resource category . most importantly , both of the main deposits that
will initially be held by the new company are presently headed toward early
development .
both of elgins projects are on the eastern limb of
the bushveld complex in south africa . the bushveld is the worlds most
important source of platinum , producing two thirds of the world ' s supply of the
precious metal .
the elgin deposits have grades and other attributes
comparable to nearby profitable operating mines . they have the added benefit of
being located at a shallow depth , with plans to begin mining one of the
deposits as an open pit . by taking advantage of nearby infrastructure , elgin can develop the mines quickly and at modest capital costs .
to read the
entire article , click here :
happy reading , live long and prosper .
the gold editor
gold editor provides , for remuneration , corporate communications and
investor relations services to the above mentioned client ( s ) . the information
contained in this email is based on existing disclosure documents or other
publicly available information . you are encouraged to seek independent
verification of any information that is important to your decisions . neither
gold editor nor the mentioned client ( s ) is offering securities or advising or
soliciting the purchase or sale of the securities .
www . goldeditor . com
to be removed from this distribution list , click on
the box below .
gold editor po box 48451 bentall centre vancouver , bc v 7 x la 2 canada
