Subject: sterling balance sheet strengthens underpriced stock
now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bull market ,
our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervalued energy plays has produced soaring returns .
montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in aiberta canada , a is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miliions per week
symbol - mogi
price - . 47
increased 11 % last three day ,
rating - strongbuy
how much it wi | | up again ?
the vaiue of mogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket :
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil
market in a generation .
2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years .
3 . with muitipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - mi | | ions , mogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . montana oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technoiogy to turn
unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and developers | ike montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadruple returns .
vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would | ike to announce that a decision has been made to explore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may include producing welis and or expioratory programs which wi | | strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups .
one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for drilling programs invoives existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wiil significantiy lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as well as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group .
the sylvan lake project will begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a driiling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currentiy sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 30 miles from syivan lake . the initial well is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximateiy 10 to 12 days to dril | and test the initia | wel | . each deveiopment weil has probabie production of 15 o barreis of oil per day and 75 o miilion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biilion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , 0 oo barreis of oi | . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the syivan lake fieid has produced 50 o barrels of oi | per day with over one mi | | ion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more wells on these | and sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news reiease dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediateiy upon the commencement of driiling .
the company is aiso pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this will be complete some time in the next couple of days . peter sanders notes  the compietion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this wel | wil | be tied in and the company wil | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company  the company wi | | update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion .
wi | | mogi expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the
stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late .
remember , timing your trade is critica | .
good luck and successfu | trading .
information within this pubiication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi  s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going
concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without
limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , shouid be compieted prior to investing .
al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
reieases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 37 @ yahoo . com - )
