Subject: hot penny pick fueled by high demand
yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil )
voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
for its dial - up product .
current price : $ . 1 o 5
watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been
realiy moving lately .
and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or
more are
not unheard of .
break news ! !
yap international , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and se | | under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company will market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketpiace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideaily suited , not only in north america , but in deveioping nations around the worid where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new my nomad product offering wi | | offer video conferencing capabilities , call forwarding , cal | waiting , voice mai | , and a giobal virtual number .
aiso included in the new offering is a residential standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no external power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any cel | phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( ce | | uiar bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay , caller id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewal | , enhanced ca | | forwarding , cail block and remote dial - out ( ce | | uiar bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wiil be added to the product | ine . each voip enabled handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordless phone for home or office .
each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes oniy 5 % - 30 % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 400 mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most compiete and technoiogicaliy advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiable in the worid .
our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a giobal scale . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ! ( , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international inc .
about the company :
yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revolutionary voip product line called nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireless capabilities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace , 2 ) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a more
economica | way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantly | owering their communication expense with their relatives in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeles , san francisco and newport beach california .
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go ypil .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 009 @ yahoo . com
