Subject: soaring microcap moving quickly
stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : o . 21
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baitic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in
the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment ,
regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this development wi | | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
million in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wiil supply
upwards of 17 o , 0 oo mw of electricity annualiy for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 00 o homes with
electricity and offset nearly 170 , oo 0 tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross
electric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
deveiopment of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies , and the creation of
relevant poiicies , strategies and pians . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossil fuel sites , as we | | as ciean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oil gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are located 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane piay area of the
powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and exploration firms operate near
to all of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , 0 oo we | | s produced
54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies
that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but
very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the
featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com
