Subject: cardiology , radiology , 7 , 000 senior hospitals , , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators and doctors .
7 , 000 hospitals , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators .
pre _ publication offer of $ 247 . 00 ( reg . $ 1 , 299 ) .
the new american hospital marketing guide is an extremely
cost - effective way of increasing your marketing efforts .
david stanford , chicago , il .
in response to numerous inquiries from healthcare marketers ,
healthline publications corp . is introducing the new american
hospital marketing guide . the new guide is an attempt to
assist healthcare professionals to target hospital
decision - makers throughout the country . the guide includes
administrators in hospitals in the united states such as
ceos , cfos , directors ( surgery , nursing , purchasing , etc . )
in addition to mailing addresses , fax and phone numbers , the
publication includes important hospital stats such as number
of beds , hospital type , hospital number and staff size .
in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information
is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations .
the new american hospital marketing guide includes comprehensive
information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals and 172 , 000
administrators . it is the most extensive and database of key
decision - makers in the health care market .
each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and
fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is
designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by
state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on
an unlimited basis .
if you are interested in identifying and contacting hospital
decision - makers most likely to benefit from your product or
service , the new american hospital guide will save you time
and money .
to order the new american hospital guide , simply fill out
the information below and
fax it to 416 760 - 3763 ( tel : 416 760 - 3762 ) .
bonus offer : new customer offer . order now and receive free of charge
our marketing publication : build a successful healthcare marketing
campaign . this popular publication offers a number of strategies
relating to effective marketing of healthcare products .
name :
title :
company :
address :
city :
zip :
tel :
fax :
email :
