Subject: investment idea
the oi | and gas advisory
now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bull market ,
our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns .
emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us oil belt
and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating
potential of miilions per week .
watch this stock friday morning
symbol - eogi
price - . 09
the value of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket :
breaking news ! ! !
emerson oil and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas providing opportunity
for 22 - we | | re - entry in field with strong producing history and large
recoverable reserves
south texas in a | arge existing fieid that was discovered and drilled by major
oi | companies
in the 1970 s . the fieid is estabiished with substantial recoverable reserves ,
estimated at over
3 . 9 miliion barrels of oil and about 2 bi | | ion cubic ft . of gas in the two pay
zones .
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves worth muiti - millions , eogi is selling for | ess than 1 / 4 the
vaiue of its assets .
4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises .
aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry
sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized
explorers and deveiopers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are
being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and
even quadruple returns .
our subscribers need to pay particulariy close attention to undervaiued
eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smail company
with a comparably smal | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oi |
and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with
the daiiy jump in energy prices .
but all that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move
into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to
capture the attention of the market , and have an equally expiosive
effect on the share price .
what wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson
oil and gas ' shares ? wel | we do know this - the great thing about
investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases
in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or decline
slightly , you wiil stil | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy
prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings wil |
soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wiil be staggering .
overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy
plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized ,
eogi shares wi | | surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have
identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . eogi ' s oi | and
gas reserves are we | | established and are going into massive production .
early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this
area will really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets
upward in next week ' s builetin .
oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain
statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking
statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of
1995 .
such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , and intend or similar terms
may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of
future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities .
oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in this
newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
the profiied company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion
regarding investment .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please send a biank e mail with no thanks
in the subject to good - bye @ fastmail . fm
