Subject: watch this stock going up
a niche remanufacturing industry alert for investors and traders : one of a few very unique technological opportunities : re - manufacturing for a global market
stock alert -
updated : 4 / 22 / 05 09 : 23 am est
adsero corp ( adso ) is a leader in the printer cartridge recharger industry .
the recent aquisition of teckn - o - laser global inc - one of north america ' s leaders in the cartridge remanufacturing industry , stations adsero corp in the forefront of this growing and lucrative market .
adso stock status :
last sale : 1 . 00
52 wk range : 1 . 20 - 2 . 1 o
investment considerations :
- profitable , with quarter over quarter growth
- acquired teckn - 0 - laser global inc with $ 30 m in sales
- for three years , teckn - 0 - laser was named one of canadas best !
- domestic us market is estimated to be in excess of $ 9 billion by 2006 !
- global market is estimated to be in excess of $ 25 billion !
company profile :
adsero corp . is a rapidly expanding company focusing on the printer cartridge recharger industry , with specific emphasis on laser toner , and to a lesser extent ink jet cartridges .
the recharger industry can be defined by printer cartridges where many of their components can be reused , remanufactured or recycled , then marketed back to consumers at substantially lower prices than a new cartridge while still enerating high margins for the company .
aderso corp . seeks to consolidate well - managed and profitable companies which address the highly lucrative recharger segment .
recharger industry profile :
total market is estimated to be in excess of $ 25 billion globally
specific specialization will be in the cartridge recharger industry . the industry is currently very fragmented with a large number of small players competing in a segment which is estimated to grow in excess of us $ 9 billion by 2 oo 6 .
in order to compete , players will need to achieve economies of scale and develop expanded sales channels .
adsero corp . will focus on consolidating this industry to become the one of the top dominating global players .
conclusion :
adsero corp . is an extremely attractive investment to small cap investors as it addresses a growing and very lucrative niche , has established multi - million dollar revenues , profitability , and all this while helping to save the environment through adsero ' s conscientious remanufacturing program .
as a serious player in the cartridge aftermarket , industry , adsero corp . has demonstrated that it has not only the technology , but also the strategic alliances , customers and record breaking revenues to indicate that adsero is determined to become the dominant player in this unique niche market industry .
this e - mail is sent for the sole attention of the identified addressee and its contents
are provided for information purposes only . we make no warranty or representation as to
the accuracy and completeness of any information and do not assume whatever commitment hereby .
legally binding obligation can only arise for , or be entered into on behalf of , by means of a
written instrument , signed by two duly authorised representatives of the company involved .
we exclude any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from the use ,
or reliance on , this e - mail or its contents .
* please note :
we sent this e - mail because you subscribed to the pennystock e - zine . to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply please to : gstock 2005 @ hotmail . com
( c ) 2 oo 5 pennystock e - zine all rights reserved
