Subject: feature pick to deliver sudden surge
stock watch aiert this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key
energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) ,
sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) .
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : o . 18
wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in
the development of the wysak wind power project .
ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a
fuil - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec
brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment ,
reguiatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and
other aspects relating to wind power .
about the wysak wind project
this deveiopment wiil be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120
miliion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park will suppiy
upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annually for poiand and the european
community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , oo 0 homes with
electricity and offset nearly 17 o , 00 o tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross
eiectric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 450 miilion for a
project this size .
about the ec baltic renewable energy centre
the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction
of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of
reievant policies , strategies and pians . to fulfiil the mission , ec brec uses
its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
eu , other countries , and international organizations .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as weil as clean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil gas lease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are located 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and exploration firms operate near
to a | | of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectively , over 26 , ooo wells produced
54 . 7 million barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conciusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies
that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this .
is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ?
then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday !
go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but
very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report .
this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be
used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 006 @ yahoo . com
