Subject: stock market standouts
infotex holdings inc ( otc : ifxh )
small emerging growth technology integration firm that helps companies build
and manage network infrastructures ( source : news 4 / 13 / 05 )
current price : $ 1 . 25
please watch this one trade . and watch for more news that may impact the
stock moving forward .
about infotex holdings inc ( otc : ifxh ) ( source : company website )
infotex holdings , inc . ( other otc : ifxh . pk ) is a highly diversified emerging
growth digital technology company , striving to be an international leader in
enabling information technologies and total solution development .
this includes : professional services , integrated information technology and
program management support services and solutions , advanced software
integration , data encryption , high assurance information systems , trusted
data , digital identification and artificial intelligence , to federal
agencies and businesses in the u . s . and around the world .
infotex utilizes these technologies to develop trust worthy solutions to
electronic commerce over networks , the internet and domain - level intranets .
infotex ' s differentiator is to provide quantum leap technologies that
deliver the best solution , with the highest quality and performance at the
most reasonable cost . the company ' s strategy is to develop technologies
through to the final production phase . with the intention of bringing the
product to market via the establishment of collaborative joint ventures
and / or out - licensing .
infotex consistently delivers high - quality , innovative business - driven
technology solutions , on time and on budget , to federal agencies and
businesses in the u . s . and around the world . we are partnered closely with
numerous u . s . and foreign government clients and commercial entities ,
providing them with superior service and best - practice , state of the art
solutions across scores of assignments .
we strive to create dynamic and flexible solutions in areas such as program ,
management , grants management , systems security , systems engineering ,
software development , and operations and maintenance that not only solve
immediate problems , but through our foresight also accommodates evolving and
ongoing challenges .
recent headlines - ( source : recent press releases ) . go to your favorite
financial website and read the full stories . .
1 ) infotex holdings , inc . announced today that it is in negotiations to
purchase medical messenger , inc . medical messenger is an electronic medical
records company specializing in the portability of medical records . the
company has developed an end - to - end electronic records system that places a
mirror image of the patient ' s records on an electronic storage device and at
the remote storage facility in atlanta , ga .
2 ) numericom , inc . completes acquisition of the assets of infotex holdings ,
ltd .
3 ) numericom , inc . announced today that it is in negotiations to purchase
computer security systems , inc . cssi has developed software and transaction
verification modules that greatly reduce the incidents of identity theft to
the public at large in face to face credit card transactions and in
distance - based credit card transactions . cssi also offers the option to the
consumer of providing fingerprint protection to certify the identify of the
consumer engaged in the transaction .
please watch this one trade . these little stocks can surprise in a big way
sometimes . . . .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
information within this email contains forward looking statements within
the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance
are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking
statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates
and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in
this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects ,
foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has
additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a
going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company
registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited
information available about the company . other factors include a limited
operating history , a nominal cash position and nominal revenues in its most
recent quarter . the company is going to need financing . if that financing
does not occur , the company may not be able to complete some proposed
transactions and the company may not be able to continue as a going concern
in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and
uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to
complete its business plan , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the
general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive
factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all
information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks ,
securities must be understood as information provided and not investment
advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers
to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the
material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the
publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are
specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings
when available , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with
the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is
contracted to receive fourty thousand dollars from a third party , not an
officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will
sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the
price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in
this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to
company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this
newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no
guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
