Subject: please endeavour to use this for charity .
from : mrs . ruth makary .
please endeavour to use this for charity .
calvary greetings ! !
my name is mrs . ruth makary a 65 yrs old lady . i am a cancer patient and a
nationality of kuwait . i am married to mr . sammy makary who worked with
kuwait embassy in switzerland for nine years before he died in an automobile
crash in december 1999 . we were married for eleven years without a child .
before his death we were devoted christians . when my late husband was alive
we protected our assets of $ usd 5 million through the purchase of a life
insurance policy ( swiss variable annuities ) from a swiss life insurance
company . i was irrevocably designates as beneficiaries of the policy . the
purpose of this investment was to safe our principal capital and make use of
accrues income from the annuities for our upkeep since the principal fund
and the accrued interest are exempt from swiss taxes under swiss law . but
unfortunately he dies .
recently , my doctor told me that i would not last long due to my cancer
problem . though what disturbs me most is my stroke . i developed this
sickness as a result of the sudden shock and hearth attack i had when the
breaking news came to me on that faithful day that my husband was involved
in an auto crash and died at the spot in the city of zurich in december
1999 .
having known my condition i decided to liquidate these assets and donate
this fund with all the accrued interests to church or better still a
christian individual that will utilize this money the way i am going to
instruct here in . i want an individual that will use this fund to churches ,
orphanages , research centers and widows , propagating the word of god and to
ensure that the house of god is maintained .
i took this bold decision because i dont have any child that will inherit
this money and my husbands relatives are of questionable characters and are
not christians . and i dont want my hard earned money to be misused by
unbelievers and i would dislike a situation where this money will be used in
an ungodly manner . hence the reasons for taking this bold decision .
i am not afraid of death hence i know where i am going and everyone is
entitling to death . i know that i am going to be in the bosom of the lord .
exodus 14 vs 14 says that the lord will fight my case and i shall hold my
peace . i will be glad to speak with you if i had the privileged to do so .
with god all things are possible .
i have briefed our attorney about this development . as soon as i receive
your reply indicating your interest to help me , i shall provide you with the
contacts of our lawyer in edinburgh , uk whom shall help you to process the
freezing of the life policy and have the fund transferred to you . to process
the liquidation of this asset would incur some expenses . please i urge you
to take care of this as your contribution towards bringing this vision to a
reality for the doing of god own thing . god loves a cheerful giver and i
pray that he gives you the wisdom to handle this project .
i want you and the church to always pray for me . my happiness is that i
lived a life of a worthy christian . whoever that wants to serve the lord
must serve him in spirit and truth . please always be prayerful all through
your life . any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for other
people for this same purpose .
please assure me that you will act accordingly as i stated here , and if in
anyway you would not be interested , please discard this email and always
remember me in your prayers . expecting to hearing from you .
remain blessed in the name of the lord .
yours in christ ,
mrs . ruth makary .
