Subject: investor here .
from : mr . richard mayer
dear friend ,
i am mr . richard mayer , the accountant general of nedbank of south
africa . i request your co - operation in the transfer of money amounting to
u . s . d . 32 million .
on september 2001 , an american pilot , mr . roy kenob , an american ational
made a fixed deposit of u . s d 32 million in ned bank of south africa . on
maturity i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but gotno
reply . after a month , i sent a reminder and finally his employers
wrote to inform us that mr . kenob died in a plane crash , that he died without
making a will while our attempt to trace his next of kin through american
embassy proved fruitless .
when he was making deposition in my bank , he did not declare his next of
kin in his deposit application form , when i reminded him he said he
wished it so , in the conservative manner of our bank , i did not turn down
his request rather honor it considering his high net worth . the point is
that his employer are not aware of his deposit with us , therefore i am the
only person who know about mr . roy ' s deposit of u . s . d 32 , 000 , 000 . 00 which
is now lying in dormant account portfolio , the whole account relating to
mr . kenob ' s deposit is also with me .
i am looking forward for a foreigner who will stand in as the next of
kin to mr . roy . i have worked out modalities of achieving my aim by
appointing you as the next of kin to mr . roy as well as transfer the u . s . d
32 , 000 , 000 . 00 abroad for us to share . i will use an attorney who will represent
you as the beneficiary to execute series a written will and attestament
of late mr . roy kenob , in support of your claim including certificate of
origin of the money , letter of probate which empowers you as the sole trustee / executor
to the estate of mr . roy kenob . please note that you will not be required
to sign any transfer document , as the appointed attorney will do all
that .
if you agree to act as the next of kin / beneficiary to enable me
transfer / convert the money to our own benefit / use . i will give you 30 % of
usd 32 m , 60 % will be for me while 10 % will be to take care of all unforeseen
expenses as we may incure in the course of concluding this transaction .
i am urgently waiting for your positive reply on the address below .
regards ,
mr . richard mayer
richardmayer @ walla . com
