Subject: new emerging growth stock
nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip )
technologies .
shares outstanding : 34 , oo 0 , ooo
float : 4 , 00 o , ooo
current price : o . 08
will it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
may 25 , 20 o 5 ! v nomad international inc . ( ndin ) announced today it has
entered into a letter of intent to provide an exclusive license to its
voip products with lmb technologies inc . for the caribbean market which
includes bermuda .
the terms of the letter of intent include a 20 % royalty payable to
nomad of the gross revenue generated by lmb technologies inc . of any sales
and other revenue generated from the license . additional consideration
payable to nomad includes 20 % of the common stock of lmb technologies
inc . which will seek a public listing of its common shares in the u . s
market as soon as practicably possible .
the acquisition of the license is subject to the parties entering into
a definitive agreement and to both the due diligence and board
approvals of lmb technologies inc . and nomad international inc .
pursuant to the proposed acquisition , on closing , lmb technologies inc .
would pay 2 o % of its common stock to nomad international inc . as
consideration payable for the license and would agree to pay 20 % of the gross
revenues generated from any activities related to the license exclusive
to the caribbean market .
! ' the caribbean market is one in which our technology has the
opportunity to potentially gain market share through our ability to provide voip
services over dial up networks . we are please with the distribution
relationships of lmb technologies inc . and hope to see our products in the
caribbean market commercially in the short term . ! ( , stated jan olivier ,
ceo and chairman of nomad international inc .
may 18 - nomad international inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent
announcement by the canadian radio - television and telecommunications
commission ( crtc ) that they would regulate voice over internet protocol
( voip ) service only when it is provided and used as local telephone
service .
in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to build
sustainable competition in local telephone markets , the incumbent carriers
will not be permitted to price their local voip services below cost to
stifle competition .
the ruling is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
cable companies and virtual operators . the ruling permits us to enter the
market with a competitive framework , stated jan oliver , ceo of nomad
international inc .
the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its
products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers . though
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utilization
worldwide , dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . alone , there are over 20 o , ooo , 0 oo users of the internet . of the
total users in the u . s . , the total number of users of broadband is only
approximately 40 , oo 0 , 000 ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore
represents approximately 8 o % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dial - up versus broadband users worldwide is even
higher .
nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dial - up customers and service
providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration ,
but also sets the company apart from its competition in the marketplace
by offering a unique , proprietary and easily adaptable product .
about nomad international inc .
nomad international inc . is a multi - national internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over
internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s revolutionary voip
product line called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl ,
cable , satellite and wireless capabilities . the company plans on
targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in
effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace ,
2 ) large multinational corporations which need to have us or european
presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number ringing in
their offices in guatemala or london - - offering business partners a more
economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a
means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their
relatives in their country of origin .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
already familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade monday ! go ndin .
penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in
the sub ject to ournewsletter 24 @ yahoo . com
