Subject: us hot sto - cks
structure technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technology company focused on the development
commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the worid market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and little competition .
symbol : pgpu . pk
current price : 0 . 64
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to rd
- cutting edge structura | technoiogy
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may loth , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
metais incorporated ( aerofoam ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into
a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wi | | acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition wi | | be 3 , 5 oo , ooo common shares . the major sharehoider of aerofoam who
beneficialiy owns 56 % of al | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement
immediateiy and to hoid a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
this letter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profiie :
pinnacle group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skiiled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management
assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into pubiicly traded companies .
the company works cioseiy with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals .
the company has great short term specuiative potentia | as
well as the potential for long term growth .
we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
piease follow this one trade friday !
nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personaiized investment
advice . although our employees may answer your genera | customer
service questions , they are not licensed under securities | aws to
address your particular investment situation . no communication by our
empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personalized investment advice .
we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in
any security recommended to our readers . ail of our empioyees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after
the mailing of printed - oniy publication prior to foliowing an initial
recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be
made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after
reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company .
to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , repiy piease to : no _ morenewsletters 4 @ yahoo . com
( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter a | | rights reserved
