Subject: business proposer from walter
from collumbus walter
e mail ; collumbuswalter 9 @ yahoo . com
fax : 874 - 76 - 2533361
tel : 874 - 76 - 2533360
re : transfer of us $ 48 . 223 million { forty eight million two hundred
twenty three thousand u . s dollars only } to your account . [ strictly
confidential ]
i feel quite safe dealing with you in this important business having
gone through your remarkable profile on the internet . though , this
medium ( internet ) has been greatly abused , i choose to reach you through
it because it still remains the fastest medium of communication . however ,
this correspondence is unofficial and private , and it should be treated as
such .
at first i will like to assure you that this transaction is 100 % risk
and trouble free to both parties .
my name is dr . collumbus walter from , i work as the operational manager
in account management section in charge of credit and foreign bills of one
of the prime banks here in south africa . on a routine inspection i
discovered a dormant domiciliary account with a balance of
us $ 48 , 223 , 000 . 00 ( forty eight million two hundred and twenty three
thousand u . s dollar ) . on further discreet investigation , i also discovered
that the account holder has died long ago with his family on a fatal
auto - accident leaving no beneficiary to the account and no other person
knows about this account . i am in close contact with the manager of the
bank here who is my partner and he is willing to approve the transfer to
any reliable and trustworthy foreigner with foreign bank account because
the former operator of the a / c is a foreigner and from australia in
particular . i am certainly sure that he has no writen or oral will
attached to the account , no beneficiary and nobody will come again for
the claim of this money .
it is only a foreigner who can claim this money with legal claims to
the account holder which i will provide to you if you are interested ,
therefore i need your cooperation in this transaction . the difference in
country
of origins is not a hindrance to the success of this transaction . this
money will remain useless in this dormant account if i did not transfer
the fund out to a foreign account .
i will provide the necessary information and documents needed in order
to claim this money . i only need your cooperation as a foreigner to
provide your safe bank account information for the transfer . all
arrangement that will ensure a smooth transfer of the fund to the account
which you are to nominate is already in place . you should also provide me
with your direct phone lines for easy communication . i wish for utmost
confidentiality in handling this transaction .
at the conclussion of this transaction , your share will be 25 % of the
total transfer sum , 70 % for me and my partner while 5 % will be set
aside for any expenses both parties might incure during the process of the
transfer .
the fund will be transferred to your account in two parts . i will
first transfer usd 20 million to your account . i will fly over to meet you
after the successful transfer for sharing according to the agreed
percentages . i will have the remaining balance of usd 28 , 223 million
transferred to your account only after the successful sharing of the first
transfer without any disappointment from your side .
have a nice day as i entrust this transfer into your hands .
let me hear from you urgently .
best regards ,
dr . walter .
fax : 874 - 76 - 2533361
tel : 874 - 76 - 2533360
