Subject: smallcap cribsheet
investor alert - immediate release - investor alert
breakout forecast tuesday july 19 , 2005
! ! ! ready to run ! ! ! [ running now ! ! ! ] ! ! ! big winner ! ! !
china world trade corp . cwtd china world trade corp .
current price : $ 2 . 31
projection 5 to 7 days : $ 4 . 50 - $ 5 . 00
projection 12 to 18 days : $ 6 . 00 - $ 8 . 00
see company president john hui interview with cnn asia
also look for new cnn interview re : tremendous 12 month company growth
completed ! ! ! ! forward plan to dominate china ' s travel industry . ( a chinese
expedia . com )
china world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of new generation
southern china ' s largest travel company .
chairman tsang , formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of cwtd
and continuing his record for success . cwtd is here to stay . read the news
china world trade corporation establishes international business center
to further enhance business services division
monday
guangzhou , china , july / xinhua - prnewswire - firstcall / - - china world trade
corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd - news ) announced today that the
international business center ( ibc ) has commenced operations on july 1 which
will support the international communication needed between the company ' s
corporate clients and members . additionally , ibc will assist in serving
china world trade corporation ' s premier club members with business travel
and other various corporate services . ibc aims to build up a strong platform
and play an important role in integrating the business resources of the
company ' s ceo clubs and world trade center clubs and to utilize new
generation ' s extensive travel network and operating system . ibc will also
help china world trade corporation enhance services available to the
company ' s clients with more comprehensive products such as the arrangement
of international business tours , destination intelligence , immigration , and
overseas investment consulting services .
ibc is a bridge linking china world trade and ceo clubs to penetrate the
business services market in china , said mr . william tsang , president and
chairman of china world trade corporation . we are confident that we will
become one of the pioneers in the business services industry in china . we
expect ibc to generate a new stream of revenue , from the amalgamation of our
tailor - made services in areas such as business consulting , immigration and
investments for our premium clients .
stoc : k is ready to rock ! ! ! !
company has already facilitated the money it need ' s to continue it ' s rapid
grow ! ! ! !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within
the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward
looking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . risk factors include
general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop
specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent
that the information contained in this message states all material facts or
does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to
investing , stoc : ks , securities must be understood as information provided and
not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stoc : ks featured within this
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
stoc : k . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section
17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
that paid us has a position in the stoc : k they will sell at anytime without
notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stoc : k , causing
you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from
public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
