Subject: do you love low - pricedstocks , apwl - pk _ reamer
hello sandison
apwl is a gold mine - it is at it ' s 52 week low at
the moment and this is our hot pick this week , it
can easily go up to $ 1 . 25 very fast here is the
latest news below . don ' t miss out on this one get
it asap for huge profits like our other picks which
return 300 to 750 % every week , don ' t miss this one !
symbol : apwl . pk
current _ price : . 32
target _ price - 1 . 50
52 - wk high : 2 . 25
52 - wk low : . 32
advanced powerline technologies announces plans
to launch a manufacturer direct to consumer web
site wednesday july 20 , 10 : 05 am et
woodward , okla . - - ( business wire ) - - july 20 , 2005
advanced powerline technologies , inc . , ( apwl . pk -
news ) announced today that it plans to launch a
new web site for direct manufacturer to consumer
sales of its power line communications ( plc )
compatible lcd high definition digital televisions
( hdtv ) and other power line communications ( plc )
devices . through this new web site , consumers will
be able to place orders for state of the art high
tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv )
direct from the american manufacturer , advanced
powerline technologies , inc . , in woodward , oklahoma ,
to be delivered in time for christmas .
advanced powerline technologies , inc . ' s , power line
communications ( plc ) compatible state of the art high
tech lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv )
will be the first of its kind to be engineered to meet
the new fcc regulations regarding broadband over power
line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) devices .
the company anticipates sales of its lcd high definition
digital televisions ( hdtv ) to reach twenty thousand
( 20 , 000 ) units per month once the web site is launched .
apwl ' s lcd high definition digital televisions ( hdtv )
will be assembled in the company ' s plant in oklahoma ,
giving the consumer the opportunity to purchase state
of the art high tech lcd high definition digital
televisions ( hdtv ) assembled in the united states at
a competitive price to foreign made products .
advanced powerline technologies is working hard to put
americans back to work in the high tech consumer
electronics industry . the company believes that
providing the american consumer the opportunity to
purchase state of the art high tech lcd high definition
digital televisions ( hdtv ) assembled by americans , for
americans , in the united states at a competitive price
to foreign made products is the best way to create jobs
in america and do our part to help create a thriving
american economy .
advanced powerline technologies wants to express its
sincere gratitude and appreciation to lavern phillips ,
president of the woodward industrial foundation , the
woodward industrial foundation with all its members ,
the woodward , oklahoma chamber of commerce , the city
and county of woodward , oklahoma , the governor and
lieutenant governor of oklahoma , the state of oklahoma ,
and other united states federal entities and the
governments of taiwan and mainland china , along with
all the numerous private individuals and investors
that have helped bring advanced powerline technologies ,
inc . , to this point . the unwavering and continued support
of all these entities and individuals has made it possible
for advanced powerline technologies , inc . , to emerge as
a world leader in power line communications ( plc )
compatible state of the art high tech lcd high definition
digital televisions ( hdtv ) , mobile phones and other
power line communications ( plc ) compatible devices
and services .
apwl ' s principal business focus is to create and develop
broadband over power line ( bpl ) and power line
communications ( plc ) friendly devices , products and
services . the company ' s principal products at this time
are cellular phones and liquid crystal display ( lcd )
digital televisions with high definition tuners ( hdtv ) .
the company intends on marketing the sales of cellular
phones and high definition digital televisions ( hdtv )
internationally and domestically . upon the completion
of research , development , and the verification of test
results of the company ' s broadband over power line ( bpl )
and power line communications ( plc ) devices , the company
intends to utilize the technology within the existing
product platforms to enhance their capabilities . the
company ' s main products will become broadband over power
line ( bpl ) and power line communications ( plc ) friendly
devices with the company ' s related hardware and system
service .
daintily
blueing january
