Subject: a better way is at handheldmed . com
a new day has dawned . there is a better way !
introducing the new handheldmed website !
www . handheldmed . com
whether you are a new customer or an old customer , we redesigned our new website with you in mind !
some of the new features you will find include :
1 . enhanced customer education
a . 3 easy steps to become a handheldmed member .
b . answers to common questions like ' what are ebooks ? ' what is the hhm mobipocket reader ? ' and ' how do i get started ? ' .
c . online tours of handheldmed ebooks and the hhm mobipocket reader as they appear on palm , pocket pc , sony ericsson , symbian , and windows pc . see how it works before you even download a free trial .
2 . improved site navigation
a . browse medical ebooks by operating system - palm os , pocket pc , sony ericsson , symbian , windows mobile , and windows pc .
b . new ebook store front page for each operating system .
3 . seamless download , installation , and registration on windows pc and mac os
a . tutorials guide you through the download , installation , and registration process step by step whether you ' re downloading a free trial or a purchased ebook .
1 . quicknav functionality allows users familiar with the process to skip steps .
b . register once and only once regardless of how many ebooks you purchase .
4 . re - engineered on - line support structure
a . new " ask technical support " form collects important information about your problem quickly and easily , providing you with more efficient support .
5 . shopping cart secured by verisign .
e - book conversion to mobipocket
handheldmed is also finishing up the conversion of our existing reference library from the ez reader format to the new standard in ebook platforms : mobipocket reader .
note : as of january 1 , 2006 , handheldmed will no longer support the ez reader platform . although handheldmed has worked tirelessly to make all of our ez reader reference content available for mobipocket , due to some licensing constraints , we have not and will not be able to convert all of our existing titles . watch for more information on which of these titles this will affect .
new titles coming out soon include :
tabers 20 th ed . august 10 , 2005
harrisons manual of medicine 16 th ed . september 1 , 2005
the merck vet manual 8 th ed . september 10 , 2005
30 % off sale on top ten titles ! ! !
to celebrate our new website and web customer experience we are taking 30 % off all of our top 10 selling references for 30 days only !
these include :
tabers 20 ( when available )
a to z
drug facts
5 minute clinical consult 05
5 minute emergency consult
5 minute pediatric consult
merck manual
nqcd
hodt
5 minute infectious disease
cvmstat
if you are a previous owner of an ez reader version of one of these books , you are eligible for even greater discounts . each of the titles that have been converted from ez reader to mobipocket ( eligible titles are highlighted in red above ) conversion price is only $ 25 ! ! check it out today ! ( conversion price applies to same version only )
patient tracker is back , and better than ever !
is your practice or organization looking for a low cost , integrated , robust , easy to use patient charting application for your desktop , network or handheld devices ?
look no further !
patient tracker t is back and better than ever !
in april , 2005 shatalmic , llc signed an exclusive agreement with handheldmedr , inc . to take over development , sales and support for the patient trackerr line of products . with extensive experience in the hand held and desktop markets , shatalmic is the perfect partner with handheldmedr to develop new features and functionality for the patient tracker product family .
new features and updates for the patient tracker suite include ;
- updates and bug fixes for palm os version ; addresses most compatibility issues with newer devices .
- new installer for pocketpc that works on newer devices enabling syncing to desktop
- new installer for desktop pro soon to be released that will include updated microsoft sql server installation .
product pricing :
patient tracker handheld ( palm os , pocketpc or windowsmobile ) - $ 9 . 95
patient tracker desktop ( pro or lite ) - $ 299 . 00 , additional licenses $ 199 . 00 each .
call tony pitman today ! @ ( 801 ) 336 - 4712 or email tony @ shatalmic . com .
special group and institution volume pricing is available .
if you want more information about patient tracker when new updates and features are available , please click here to be added to the patient tracker specific mailing list . shatalmic assures you that you will not receive spam email only patient tracker specific information . they do not sell your email address to anyone . they are very serious about privacy and this is totally an opt in mailing service .
by signing up for email updates , you will be added to a list of users that will have the chance to participate in the patient tracker 2005 survey . this survey will help shape the future direction of patient tracker by the answers that users / customers give .
about shatalmic llc .
shatalmic , llc is a privately - held , software developer founded company headquartered in layton , utah . since 1977 , we have been working in the computer industry . shatalmic was formed in 1995 and was recently incorporated as an llc in 2004 .
groups institutions
for group or institutional volume discount pricing or any questions about the new features and functionality of these new handheldmed editions :
please contact susan jones : susanj @ handheldmed . com
every possible effort is made to send only to those on our subscriber list .
if you received this message in error , please accept our apologies and select the following link
immediately unsubscribe
if that link fails , send an email to unsubscribe @ handheldmed . com
