Subject: intel dot . station @ $ 129 . 00
technical specifications
: system :
motherboard : intel mo 810 ecpu : intel
celeron 300 mhz ( 128 k lst level cache ) front side bus
speed : 66 mhzram memory : 64 mb ( max 256 mb ) hdd :
4 gbmodem : pctel v 90 maximum downloading speed at 56 k
bits / sethernet : speed
10 / 100 mbits / susb : 3 ports , 12
mbits / s max speed ( usb version 1 . 0 ) video : size : 14 inchescolor : 65 , 536 res .
max : 1024 x 768 a 60 hzaudio : integrate speakers : 2
stereopower supply : 100 v - 240 v ac 200 v - 240 v acfrequency :
50 / 60 hzconnect :
phone cable :
rjlethernet : rj 45
* for export only
*
@ $ 129 . 00 * minimum quantities apply
built - in phone and
handset .
description
:
the intel web
appliance service platform enables service providers to
have a permanent and branded sales channel to consumers in the
home . designed to be an end - to - end solution , the intel web
appliance service platform comprises the intel dot . station
web appliance and the intel system management suite ( intel
sms ) . the intel dot . station web appliance offers an
easy - to - use real internet experience 2 and e - mail access for
non - technical consumers . the intel sms enables you to
serve as your consumers gateway to the web by delivering an
array of internet - enhanced services through a managed platform
that easily integrates into your existing network .
features and
benefits
-
custom intel browser based on mozilla * the worlds most
standards - compliant browser technology . - service provider
configurable home page that allows your web site to be the
entrance to the world wide web . - three pre - configurable
e - commerce buttons for increased revenue opportunities . -
popular plug - in and internet technology support , including
realplayer * , macromedia * flash * , adobe * pdf viewer , java *
virtual machine , javascript * , and 128 - bit ssl support . -
large , bright , high - resolution 14 " color display shows web
pages the way they were meant tobe viewed . - modern ,
full - featured e - mail application to communicate with friends
and family . - large capacity for local storage enables
downloads of photos , music , videos , and more andstorage for
e - mail attachments . - amplified stereo audio speakers for
great internet audio playback . b e n e f i t : the
intel dot . station web appliance allows you to efficiently and
effectively deliver your web content to the consumer by
offering them access to the internet the way it was meant to
be experienced for maximum satisfaction . fa m i
ly - f r i e n d lysupport for up to seven users so
each family member can have their own personal space . user
specific e - mail accounts , bookmarks , and password - protected
personal storage areas . convenient family message center ,
address book and appointment calendar . optional telephone and
phone management applications . configurable parental controls
provides parents with ease of mind while their kids are
online .
visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals !
your one stop / office # td
01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com
for latest clearance sale listing contact our
sales department .
for further details please send
your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com
compaq
hewlett packard
3 com
dell
intel
iomega
epson
aopen
creative
toshiba
apc
cisco
us
robotics
microsoft
canon
intellinet
targus
viewsonic
ibm
sony
- - - - - - - and lots more
! ! !
if you have any
complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com
tel + 971 4
8834464
all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works ,
fax + 971 4
8834454
jebel ali duty free zone
www . computron - me . com
prices and availability subject to change
usa -
canada u . a . e .
without
notice .
to receive our special offers
in plain
text format reply to this
mail with the request * for
export only *
this
email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact
information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer
and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or
for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove
" in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you
in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail
( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii
passed by the 105 th u . s . congress .
all logos and
trademarks are the property of their respective
owners
products may not be exactly as shown
above
- -
to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link :
click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser .